Take your time, you got this
I got off the horse by accident right before a cutscene in red dead
'Play until we lose'
Can we please boycott Star Wars battlefront 2
As a teen in the 80s, my conservative God-fearing family wouldn't let me own Dungeons & Dragons. Thirty years later, my son and I are starting our D & D journey.
EA removed the refund button on their webpage, and now you have to call them and wait to get a refund.
Train Simulator is so immersive!
They asked him what gaming chair he was using.
Join the Battle for Net Neutrality! Net Neutrality will die in a month and will affect online gamers, streamers, and many other websites and services, unless YOU fight for it!
Video games are great, but sometimes it's nice to unplug and play a game of Jenga with your cat
Intimidation at its finest.
I am that guy that makes sculptures in Minecraft. Here is my latest, and only sculpture for 2018. I call it "Aquasomnia"
Red vs Blue was ahead of it's time
In South Park: The Fractured but Whole, the difficulty setting changes the colour of your skin.
Little bro had been saving up for a PS4, so big bro surprises him with one on his birthday.
Playing Spiderman when I found a building that looked familiar...
It's a shame...
Story Driven Rpgs...
I'm developing a multiplayer game where you hunt Ghosts! 
EA deleted my Origin account and EA help is totally ignoring me.
The Silver Snipers are a CS:GO team in Sweden where the youngest member is 62 and the oldest 81. They say playing CS has helped to give them a confidence boost and serve as a sort of mental gymnastics
Anyone else guilty?
I make voxel art in Minecraft, this is my latest piece! I call it the 'Perfect Marionette'
The best thing of Gaming
So Ubisoft has a new logo
R.I.P TotalBiscuit
My Grandma has played Wii Fit everyday for over 10 years!
Seems fair...
"Valve announces Half-Life: Alyx, its first flagship VR game"
Escort Missions
Its time
Last Fallout 76 player officially deemed the loneliest person on earth
My 79yo father exercises with Wii fit almost every morning
Cool new card from Activision Blizzard's Hearthstone!
The classic trio
Unlocking Everything in Battlefront II Requires 4528 hours or $2100
Why games should be played in VR
EAs stock is falling, and its because of us. They are flipping out, so keep it up!
Cannonball! ... erm...
Remember when Satoru Iwata cut his salary by 50% for 5 months due to the commercial failure of the Wii U, instead of firing people...these companies should take note.
[X-Post] Remember my XBOX ONE AD CONCEPT? Microsoft just copied it!
14 years of graphics improvements, all so we can properly digitize keanu.
its been my dream to be a game dev forever, and today at 20 yrs old i deployed my first ever finished game to a local muesum. 1000s of lines of code, 75% mine, all done in under 3 weeks.
At this point just buy a plane..
Fallout 76 200$ Collectors Edition Comes With Nylon Bag Instead of Canvas
'There are no winners in war, only losers'
A friend of mine passed away recently. His parents used this as his urn. I hope he respawns into a better server next time.
The struggle of having a job
Our largest Minecraft map ever made.2000x2000 blocks. Took 8 months to complete
Im building a game where you can hunt Ghosts with your friends! Or you can BE the Ghost 
Blizzard is trying to hide this clip. Do your part in making sure they fail.
Grenade!
#liberatehongkong
Chess counts, right?
Fallout 76 Easter Egg Found in Fallout 3
Pigeon Simulator 2019
HALO MASTER CHIEF COLLECTION IS COMING TO PC!
Battle for the net
Some Michael Bay shit going on right here
A 16-year-old with autism got all of his Xbox games stolen, so our local sheriffs office pitched in to buy him some new games
Steve Jobs said it first
Leaked Harry Potter game in development by Rocksteady
Pokemon go: survival mode
Every day my parents play Mario Kart 64 to see who will make a cuppa tea. Theyve done this religiously since 2001.
The original Pay To Win game system.
Youtuber "Potates" completely plagiarized a post I made on r/Fallout about Fallout 76, and passed it off as his own work. The video is now at 800k views.
Amazing Just Cause 4 Easter egg
This little kid playing Smash Ultimate at the airport has no idea that he's playing against MKLeo, the #1 ranked player in the world.
One of the worst chokes of my gaming career [Crash Bandicoot]
A stealth game where you play a goose, by the developers of Push Me Pull You
The struggles of adult life [Rust]
My teacher had this on the first day back from school
Mario Kart VR
Hey Steam, if I'm already logged in to my account where I'm registered as being over 18 years old can you please spare me this step?
One of my earliest and best gaming memories will always be the first time I looked up at that ring
onexboxonexbox
This is how i see my retirement
Went to James Bond-Themed Party & Saw This Fucking Legend
My experience during the first hour of Steep summarized in one clip
When you're still learning the controls to a new game and press the wrong button
Looking at you Rockstar...
Twin Towers easter egg in Spider-Man PS4
Video game nostalgia
2 years ago i showed 2048 to my grandad. He has played the same game in all this time. Score bigger than 40M. show him some recognition, he would like to read our responses!
A new take on an old meme
Obligatory GTA meme
Not everyone is perfect
We've all acted like Luigi on the road at some point in our lives.
Micro-Transactions Ruin Gaming
Well its true
Wow, EA. Wow.
Every single Nintendo game from 1985-2000
While waiting at Kyoto Station this guy asked if I want to play two player Game Boy with him. 30 mins well spent.
HALO appears - Epic wants to know your location
Genuine concern...
it's Monopoly all over again
Microsoft Office eSports team. 
After 2 years of work and no knowledge of code, I still launched my fox adventure game today, The First Tree!
When the physics engine works just right.
Divorced parents dont communicate. Both tried to one up the other. Good times. Obligatory goodbye social life.
So Activision has secretly added Loot Boxes to BO4. It is now a $60 game, with a $50 season pass, that also has a battle pass you can buy tiers on, direct purchases in game, and now supply drops. Seriously, stop buying Activisions Games people.
Thought I should share my laser cutting project from school
What a beautiful site to see on Black Friday.
Everyone, it's been a honour.
Cleaning out my great grandmothers mobile home and just found this. In disbelief.
Congress has set out a bill to stop the FCC taking away our internet. PLEASE SPREAD THIS AS MUCH AS YOU CAN.
A message to those calling EA for a refund: be nice to the people taking your calls.
This was on my local GAME store...
"This is the review that got me blacklisted by EA. Some shitbag executive wanted me fired." - Steve Hogarty
Let's not forget a significant portion of EA Battlefront consumers: parents who just want to buy the latest Star Wars thing for their kids. Here's a campaign to convince them not to buy the game.
This was the trophy for a Super Smash tournament hosted by my friends.
people waiting in lines to kill a quest mob in World of Warcraft Classic
Chain Chomp made from Amethyst
Always think two steps ahead (Forza 7)
Found the instructions my mom wrote for 12-year-old me for how to get Doom running
The Fortnite Effect
in madison wisconsin there's a classic arcade called 'geek mania', has tons of games and pinball machines. you pay $15 to get in and then all the games are free and you can stay as long as you want. we need to see more places like this.
The one game to not sell out at my Target
My fianc left me earlier this month. So all the money I was saving for the holidays, I spent on myself.
Ready Player 2
Press F to Pay Respects.
I'm a truck driver. I 80 is shut down right now and there is a little arcade inside the truck stop. A new competetive scene has emerged.
At Pax South, there were amazing Fallout Mario and Luigi cosplayers with a bullet bill Fat Man launcher
Nascar 2003 is a masterpiece
Shout out to Eric Barone (aka ConcernedApe), the man who single-handedly created one of my favorite games, Stardew Valley.
Not my last complain
I think you'll appreciate my sons room.
Anubis costume I made with pvc and vinyl
After spending more money than we can really afford on a gaming computer, my wife is playing Minecraft in windowed mode.
"My son will understand"
The Story for Half-Life 3 was just released by the lead writer
Microsoft flight simulator 2020! This looks awesome
Finally... An Equal
Tony Hawk's 10 year challenge
Im trying to find a guy who lost all his switch games on the NYC subway. Can you help?
My wife's cousin Patrick (u/madforaday) and his girlfriend Amanda passed away last weekend in a limousine accident. Their love was something special and they both will be deeply missed. This homemade card was posted by Pat on r/gaming before and makes our family smile. We love you Pat and Amanda.
Not yet available in stores.
Kids now a days will never know the pain of having to find that obscure cave without a marker.
Jack Black talks about how his son racked up a 3000$ bill on an in-game currency and mentions the predatory nature of these games
/r/SoulCalibur had a custom character contest. This was who took the Number One spot.
I drew a PS1 exploded view
When your father in-law tells you he's playing Skyrim, but it's a very slow game..
After 15 years of use & abuse, today my 1st Gen DS breathes its last. So long partner
More wired mechanics examples from Superliminal
When you have a snack in class and the teacher asks if you brought enough to share with everybody
Mother helping her son though a tough level in Super Mario Land in 1989.
I painted this toolbox to match an ammo crate from Borderlands 2
Receiving an N64 for his 32nd birthday. Pure excitement.
Bulbasaur as he appears in the upcoming live action Pokemon movie.
Fought a guy for his hat. Worth it!
We couldn't decide on dinner.
At least EA Customer Service knows the score
Who would win?
A golf game for people who hate golf! - Worked on it for two years
"Wiis are for casual gamers"
Just imagine
Being a medic in any multiplayer
This is the award my dad got for 15 years of service at Activision Blizzard.
Good prank
My grandma passed recently and I found this digging through old pictures
Gronk Spike
Local video game shop. Support small businesses
I recreated Lake Moraine in Minecraft after seeing it on /r/EarthPorn one too many times. Zoom in to see the blocks
After 28 years Ive finally done it
The best World of Warcraft Cosplay ever
RDR2 is such a beautiful game...
Please no...
Dont be afraid of Master Chief
Make it happen! (x-post from r/titanfall)
Im an OTR truck driver and lifelong gamer. After years of playing on a crappy gaming laptop I finally decided to do an ITX build and take it on the road with me.
EA fired the original creator of PvZ because he refused to make his game a pay to win
Spider Car [Just Cause 3]
Just Geralt being Geralt
You gotta trick the enemy sometimes to win
Youve done it again
This took too long
We've come full circle
On the Current State of Dayz
There's a special place in hell for game developers who make the NPC slower than your sprint, and faster than your walk.
I hand carved The Goose out of basswood
Rockstar gave away a 'key to the city' to people that completed GTA IV within 2 weeks, here's mine
Hey cousin let's go bowling
A man can only dream
Tokyo Game Show 2001
this guy is a monster
IT WAS THAT SIMPLE!
"Last man sitting" battle royale game where players wheel around on office chairs. (xpost r/Unity3D - credit to u/der_kevin)
Toy Story 4 looks great
Little Mac met Mike Tyson today!
As a kid I always dreamed of releasing a game on a Nintendo console... today it happened!
Fortnite Dances
Smashing while we wait for our daughter. Thanks Nintendo!
Sixth attempt to post this, hope it works.
Got a new gaming laptop. Rate my setup
Bethesda IRL.
I'm going to play a nice relaxing game today, Also me
Realistic Storm generated from Unreal Engine 4
US Senator to introduce bill to ban loot boxes and pay to win microtransaction
Solaire vs Rey
RPG vendor logic..
:(
[BF5] I guess they're not loot boxes if you call them them by a different name. Good try EA.
Mobile Game Ads
Half-Life: Alyx Announcement Trailer
Every Legend of Zelda
RiLed
Waaait a minute...
Good job, gamers!
Bethesda 35 years from now...
You like it?
Original Kirby Team asked to draw Kirby (circa 1992)
You Fools
rate my setup
Cyberpunk 2077  Official E3 2019 Cinematic Trailer
You died !
Either this or they are the stupi...
Super Smash Bros. coming 2018 to Nintendo Switch!
My Elderly Neighbor Moved Out and Left This For Me!
Skyrim: Very Special Edition  Official E3 2018 Trailer
Proud of my 72-year-old father! After 215 hours, he finally beat his first console game ever, The Legend of Zelda, Breath of the Wild!
Spider-Man has a "hello" button which means everyone in NYC is getting the finger guns
My wife and her friends are having a LAN party to play Stardew Valley.
Mercy rescuing a Reaper who got his cloak caught in the escalator
My friend playing Mario Odyssey during class
This is not real. This is a city made in Minecraft.
thank me later
Something I painted as a test for Blizzard, I ended up working for them after this
To the random person who was voicelessly leading my 7 year old cousin on his first gaming adventure ever, I thank you deeply. He wouldnt stop talking about his new friend
Fallout 76 confirmed to include an area based on the /r/fallout sub
Peace was never an option
Some guy named Tom tried to challenge my high score in Mario Bros.
Gamers! Rise up!
Resident Evil 5 without the piss filter that plagued almost every last gen game.
Was this the begining of CoD being a joke?
You try to install one skyrim mod, and...
Luigi's mansion inspired pumpkin that I carved
Next generation gaming
My friends and I updated the pc gaming catalogue
The police will often go to extreme measures to catch a fugitive
Steam
Activision-Blizzard's Management = SCUM
You only got 1 second to save the president's daughter
BYE!
So, I've removed some animations from Jurassic Park the game
Found some weird dialogue in the CoD: Advanced Warfare campaign...
I'm an adult now
Time to destroy
Pikachu Let's Go Moves are a bit overpowered
When you hear that Dark Souls is getting remastered
What recoil?
Our highschool LAN parties, 2004
I've been working on this falling sand roguelite game for six years. It's coming out on September 24th!
1-up girl
He was just too afraid of this bazooka
Started drawing videogame weapons in 2017. I feel like Ive gotten better. (Both from Destiny)
Bravo Paramount! The new design is actually great.
Samus cosplayers comparing blasters
Comparison of the progress I've made in my game (The Pedestrian)
In Australia, if you played SEGA in 1992 and called the Sega Hotline for hints and tips, you probably spoke to one of us! We've not been in the same room together for 25 years!
Could it be true?
Rate my setup
me choosing a new game to get
I love this. My escape is both books and games. Anything that takes me away for a few hours.
Yennefer explain this...
The Future of FPS Games
With all this EA stuff going on, can all we take a moment to wish a happy 65th birthday to Shigeru Miyamoto.
DFW Airport added a gaming lounge so you can game while you wait for your plane
I try to draw a new one of these every day, and thought people here might appreciate this one.
The greatest roast of all time.
Today is my 5 yo sons birthday. Hes having a Mario themed party, and has no idea theres a Switch in the box.
[Rainbow six: Siege] Trying an online shooter a year after launch
EA and Activision are too scared to add swastikas while Bethesda here doesn't give a fuck.
Mom is 68 and has been playing Fallout 4 for 3+ years. She's at lvl 132 with 600+ hrs. Happy Mother's Day to all the Gamer Moms out there!
1, 2, 3.... DAB!
World of Warcraft cosplay
Fought my first Legendary Dragon after over 3,000 hours into this game. I'm the one in it's mouth.
I started playing Detroit: Become Human, but I'm new to PlayStation and still don't know which button is where. This was my solution.
Flawless Victory
This is a Minecraft build I've been working on for 9 years
My campus just put in a new eSports section in the computer lab
Every Man's Fantasy
Yes we all hate Fortnite, I understand. But respect to the kid.
Laura Croft cosplay
3 diferent ideologies
7 years ago, 2 gamers protested outside Valve HQ, they later got invited for a full studio tour!
Redditor got Bill Gates for Secret Santa
Today is the half-decade anniversary of Press F to Pay Respects (11/4/14)
Oh no
Borderlands 3 Zane cosplay by Maul Cosplay
We were so preoccupied with whether we could, we never thought about whether we should
The Stride of Pride
Just bought my first house. I don't have much, but I think I'll be ok.
Christmas 95 was a good year for us.
A group of guys outside Best Buy playing PS1 while waiting in line for the greatly anticipated Playstation 2. (2000)
Another perspective
My friend's and I spent $10,000 at Gamestop so we could donate to a bunch of children's hospitals! (story in comments)
I Asked A Tennis Racket Company To Make Me Real Life Waluigi And Wario Rackets For Comic-Con. They Were Ecstatic And Made The Best Rackets I've Ever Seen.
This is over 150 employees at Riot Games doing a walkout to protest forced Arbitrations. This is the first walkout to ever occur in the video game industry.
Life hack for mobile FPS games
When you level up too much before the first boss fight
He grew up so fast
4 kills from 1 bullet
Today is Reggies last day. Hes the best damn president Nintendo has ever had.
The more you know 
Pac-Man Explained
So um okay
Someone remade Podracer with Unreal Engine 4
The best video game episode television has ever seen
It sure is!
Our Jackbox room had a 1 in 456,976 chance to randomly generate this code.
Welcome to rust.
When everyone wants to storm Area 51, but they forgot that someone already did that in 1992.
Lara's skills really improved over the years
You think we're playing? This isn't a game, boy
So, uh... I guess I spanked my opponent?
A bit late, but here's my take on the Golden Joystick Awards
My teammates in a nutshell
Finally won it! 625 bombs, 50x50
Playing Horizon Zero Dawn: The Frozen Wilds when I noticed Guerrilla Games actually rendered the grass under the snow.
Press F to pay respects.
The perfect cosplay doesn't exis-
Need to know everything
Today marks the first day people can legitimately earn all of The Stanley Parable's achievements
It's the kids doing the Minecraft Dances
A match of Pichu on Machu Picchu
In FIFA 94, you could run away from the referee when he tried to book you
Local Walmart is closing down. The gaming section was picked clean, save for one.
He's pretty good
Is this what it feels like to be a Dark Souls boss? [Far Cry 5]
Rate my new setup
This is true
Two gamers discuss the merit of online play
They misspelled Pay
Toru Iwatani shows his original drafts for Pac-Man.
I was adding readable signs to my game and decided to have some fun
Evolution of fallout
Who would win?
Honey I Shrunk the Kids, but the kids were never found and over the ages they formed a technologically advanced civilization. Now, civil war rages.
Crazy Taxi + Snake = Snakeybus  (bus grows when collecting passengers)
Every year
One of the funniest things Ive seen today
Press F to pay your respects
The State Of Blizzard
Technology is incredible!
Brink is one of my least favorite games of all time. For the past 6 years, my friend has purchased me a copy to remind me of that fact. This year he managed to get an original copy, and put it under my family's tree.
Shortest plane ride ever... The passenger next to me also had a Switch with Super Smash Bros
I love lamp.
Seriously where can i get the full one
I used to love puzzles. Never. Again.
My Valkyrie Cosplay from the new God of War game, handcrafted.
Fuck
Battlefield gameplay in a nutshell
Opened Up Animal Crossing for the First Time in Years and Saw This...
Witness great cosplay without boobies!
Made my husband a quilt for his 40th birthday!
My Grandparents: Hardcore Pokemon Go players. Hearing them talking about their adventures is the highlight of going to see them. Both level 37 and going strong
After working on this for 3 years in my free time, I quit my job to work full time on it
Let's All Take a Moment to Remember our Gamer Friends Who Haven't been Online in Years
This is Reggies last week at Nintendo. Lets all thank him for what he has done for the community.
Tried to make some "cyberpunk slums" in minecraft
Halo? Never heard of him.
When you uninstall league of legends
Finally: realistic depiction of the backpack to carry a standard RPG inventory
There's always that one guy
Yeah. This was a pretty good Christmas.
This is too real..
How thoughtful
Don't get cocky kid
Damn Memory Cards
I created a plague doctor sculpture in Minecraft, I think it turned out pretty good!
Im guessing this will be one he remembers forever.
These color changing mugs are getting out of hand
After 6 years of game development, the teaser trailer is finally here!
I made a Minecraft plugin with which you can browse Reddit
In honor of the Master Chief Collection
Iwata truly was an amazing man
80 percent of mass shooters showed no interest in video games, researcher says
Not even safe in Super Mario 64...
Pls
Come get your legendary loot at Burger Royale! [OC]
Uncharted has interesting explanation for Drakes bullet sponge-ness
Mario themed fish tank
If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine. [BOTW]
"I don't know, Pidgey. I guess they just thought my textures were more important than yours".
Deciding what to eat
Last year I've found an old Pokemon fanart from my childhood and redrew it
This is my Gameboy mosaic made out of Gameboy games! Note: No games were harmed and all are removable and playable!
My bf has a decoy mousepad for our cat
When a glitch becomes a nightmare
Patience is key.
I baked a Bowser cherry pie so the Mushroom Kingdom could have its revenge
Finished my Cuphead arcade build, What do you think?
This is not a real photo. This is Lara Croft in 4K on PC.
Don't go to the VR bar with this guy...
There is always another goddamn train
My setup won't be complete until next gen.
Thanks to the Devs!
Checkmate, nintendo criticizers
I found a store in Japan that has ever console, ever.
When people ask you, why you need 2 monitors
You will no longer be needing those panties
It's just one of those days...
when one of your opponents disconnects in a ranked game
DnD table
Classic bethesda crafting.
In the Final Fantasy XIV ad, Tom Holland dies 20 seconds into the game. This could be due to the fact his remote hasnt been turned on yet
when the audience doesn't know what they want
I remember doing this to Yoshi
It scares me how realistic Cities: Skylines is
The leaked post-credits scene of detective pikachu
Geodude in 4K looks menacing
Final Fantasy VII inside the train.
Reggies last day as President of Nintendo of America. You were the best like no one ever was, Reggie.
My friends and I are making an adventure game based on nature documentaries
I fixed the Mario van. Thanks for the feedback.
Wood
Friend took this screenshot in Horizon: Zero Dawn. All I see is Conan O'Brien in the smoke cloud
One hell of a shot
My steam store just glitched in the best way
NPC's accidently mimic real life
Fire Emblem got to real for me
God of War's director, Cory Barlog, reacting to the high review scores for the game
Damn it... It was so close!
Still miss watching Red vs Blue
CHALLENGE: Say 1 nice thing about EA
1984 Duck Hunt in VR, also includes a 2017 twist
When Nintendo asks you to type in your favorite food at the beginning of the game.
I remember when every game came with a little instruction booklet and also had bits of lore.
Kojima makes the best stealth games
"Ehhh I might buy Far Cry 5... not completely sold-- OK I'm buying Far Cry 5."
Found a pacman easter egg in skyrim. Endons house in Markarth
Super Mario Kart encourages despicable tactics.
Graphics of Pokemon Sword/Shield vs Breath of the Wild
For my birthday this year, my wife asked what kind of cake she should make... and I told her that, honestly, I've always wanted to try Peach's thank-you cake from the end of Super Mario 64.
RDR2's Attention To Detail In Animal Behavior
When you find a random player who's exactly as funky as you.
There was a guy who dressed up as EA for PAX South. Watched him get kicked out less than 5 minutes after walking in.
You can literally wrap your car around a tree in this game [BeamNG Drive]
What was your first Console?
Isn't it time?
How Sprites for Video Games Are Made.
Dont know if yall have seen this yet
lord forgive me
Thanks reddit! You somehow made my random indie game become the 10th most played game on Steam of all time (info in comments)
Happy Fathers Day to all the Big Daddies out there!
Whoop whoop
How dare you!
Are you delusional?
The crab fighting simulator I never knew I wanted
EA in a nutshell
My mother, who I barley see due to college, decided to come up for my 20th. She also never truly played a video game in her life, and beat me and some CPUs at Mario Party. I just couldn't help but feel happy and proud for her when she won
My Gf Proposed to me today.
"Hey, can I copy your homework?"
Never forget, Good Guy Mario Kart 3DS
F
For those wondering why Link's Awakening looks so simple, it's because it is a faithful translation
Defusing the bomb in front of his crying eyes.
One bullet team wipe
Can't wait to play it!!
When someone asks me how I'm doing
Struck gold in my attic....literally!
What a time to be alive!
What's the worst thing you ever did in The Sims?
I just pulled off the 'Liquor Hole Skydiving Stunt' on GTAV using the Oppressor...
Found a mod for Left for Dead 2 that changes all the graffiti to Jaden Smith tweets
Guys guys guys , it's a bird staring at its own reflection
I would feel more protected with Machoke...
Come on!
This Duke Nukem review may be the best review of the game ever
Professor Oak
This is the only man who knows how to play this game
Take that, Rockstar
Poor Link...
PSP Nostalgia
Not My Fault.
Welcome to League of Legends
God of War wins GAME OF THE YEAR at The Game Awards. Congratulations Santa Monica Studio for making an amazing game!
When your execution's at 6:00 but you gotta fight the Empire at 6:01
Stealth camo equipped
Here's a little lesson in trickery
I made a Doom Logo in my metalshop class, what do you guys think? Its not done yet.
This is the backseat setup of my car. I drive for rideshares in Chicago, and this thing paid for itself the first weekend I used it.
*sobs quietly*
The eclipse is beautiful!
Mario Maker is getting a little crazy
My father, a 53 yo who has never played videogames before, just won Dark Souls 3 after 132 hours of pure determination. It truly was an epic bonding experience!
With the SNES mini rolling out, just a reminder that you won't be able to get it because of people like this
3D printed these bad boys!
Dad Jokes with Kratos
I'm competing against 3 of Dunder Mifflin's finest in Rocket League
Bethesda actually put in a little teaser for Fallout 76 in Fallout 3
I'm about to end this God's whole career
A picture that makes me nostalgic and sad at the same time. Halo 3 was truly a master piece
New job advised we can only have generic desktop backgrounds. So far no one has noticed...
Who you gonna call?
The first time I played Pokmon Yellow I thought the guy across the river was a member of the royal guard because the cave entrance looked like his hat. I'm playing it again 15 years later and it still looks like a big fuzzy hat.
Character stabbing chart
This was wild from start to finish
When your friend hands you an off-brand controller
This recreation of one of reddits historical top post is a work of art
I forgot to turn on the headlights in a tunnel in Sweden while playing Euro Truck Simulator 2 and this happened
I miss them too
For the past 3 years, my wife has made me a Yoshi cake for my birthday. They're always terrible, but I don't care.
Something stupid happened
Top 15 Steam games by player count Jan 2015 - Dec 2018
D:
Before the hype builds
Heres a Wheres Waldo I think youll all enjoy!
Borderlands wig made out of foam by Goldvester Cosplay
My cousin was diagnosed with leukemia Monday, started chemo Wednesday. But nothing stops our game night.
What boss is this
8-bit side scrolled cosplay by Dan Cattell Art
How to prep for the worst Hurricane in 10 years
Gamer problems
A company in my town does custom paint jobs for electronics. Figured this sub would enjoy
How to hold an N64 controller
This guy made a SpiderCop cosplay and it rules! Part man, part spider, ALL COP!
Can we get a Stan Lee outfit in Spider-Man PS4 in his honor like we did in The Amazing Spider-Man!
Nintendo's got a new princess in town
Mobile gaming at its worst. Apps should not be allowed to say EMERGENCY! EMERGENCY! in a notification...
Ohio State University salutes gaming
When you realize that playing Pokemon Pinball all these years might finally pay off in fake internet points
I'm working on a turn-based RPG where humans fight each other, pokemon-style. Here's a Teacher VS a Senator!
We made a Dungeons & Dragons inspired role playing game where your phone is basically your character sheet
hmmm
And my backlog gets another day bigger...
Saw this kid casually walking home from school and now he's my new hero
EA has the gall to charge $100 for a virtual player in a CELLPHONE GAME.
Sonic redesign looks so much better
This way of carving pumpkins.
An udderly ridiculous weapon in Just Cause 4
The first guy to break into Area 51
Fortnight is the greatest game I've never played
RIP second place
I had a good time that Xmas
They invite me to every party
They already have this, its called GTA.
Cosplay of a Character Editor
My Lara Croft cosplay! (X-post from r/cosplay)
R.I.P potato
it's a me
I still think that the intro of Spider-Man has one of the best cutscene-to-gameplay transitions of any game I've ever played (better with sound on)
This new Dragon Ball Z game looks wild!
Remember: Avoid disappointment and Do not pre-order Anthem. Let's vote with our wallets and show EA we will no longer put up with their shit.
The most ambitious crossover 2
We Love To Be Represented
This Mario cake we had made for my sons bday came out amazing! Props to the baker!
When you're trying to take your time with your new game. [BotW]
Snow deformation [God of War]
Did I do this level right?
Battlefield 1 Cosplay
When you are the younger sibling
Looks like the poster might be real after all
Save this child
The advantages of being a poor gamer.
That's some next level BS.
Got an email from EA about cheating in FIFA 18 but Ive never even owned a FIFA title
I built a custom controller for Jedi Fallen Order - a motion-controlled lightsaber & Force glove!
If this isn't accurate...
It happened after over 10 years 
My brother turned his old NES into a Hyperion ammo chest
Same place, remastered for 2018
Not even a single player DLC
Every game, without fail
I just dug this up metal detecting in the middle of nowhere
That's a cute pokemon you got there
Mod it until you break it.
Guy turns his bookshelf into a giant version of the snake game
My girlfriends dad was a Microsoft employee that was part of the launch team in 2001. He told me I could have what ever was left in his old house. So I grabbed this.
Told one of my Xbox friends I wouldnt be online much because my controller wasnt working very well and I couldnt afford a new one right now. He asked for my address and this just arrived today.
Ever wonder why your random team mates are so bad at the game?
When it's just not your day

Caught Mario mid-blink and it looks like he's starting to get tired of Cappy's shit
Stress levels 90%
Matrix af
Since WHEN is this ok?
The secret to winning is to have a C4 chicken
I found some Cuphead street art
A friend of mine is creating this beautiful adventure game all by himself!
Cyberpunk 2077  official E3 2018 trailer
Socially conscious D&D gaming.
Leaked Fallout 76 Speech System
I asked this kid if he was Plague Knight from Shovel Knight, and he and his family went buck-wild with happiness that someone finally got it.
First thing we're all doing
Here's what's happening in Horizon: Zero Dawn every time you move the camera
Super Console Sequel
My gyms treadmill simulates your run inside Skyrim
it's boiling hot
A note I found in the utensils cabinet at my work
Fortnite won golden's joystick game of the year . "TRASH BOI"
The community is way more wholesome than I ever imagined it could be. Especially for a Kojima game.
Attack of the killer briefcase
Perfect plates don't exi-
Poor PSVita
God of War sales top 3.1M units in just three days!
Gaming on a Mac
Hmmm
Developer's conscience
Lets take a moment to remember the REAL most powerful sniper rifle in video game history
My wife just completed these Pokemon pieces in a Maya style. Hope you like them.
A Minecraft Voxelart piece I recently finished for a contest, hope you like it!
Pun intended
Absolute savage
Logical Eeveelution?
Thats not how reflection works
Stealth Mission Logic
Every Game On Steam
Don't underestimate me ;)
Competitive Monopoly
My buddy just finished up making Nuke town, thought you guys might appreciate it.
Using hand tracking in VR
Luigi's Luigi
Amazing physics in RDR2
Portal mirrors.
Escaping with my new buddy.
Cute Pixelated Consoles
Why do I do this to myself
The original Xbox prototype was a absolute unit
Aztec Mario art at my local barcade.
Witcher III (My last comic)
Congratulations to Red Dead for nearly being as good as Wii Sports
A moment of silence
How to cull the weak from the herd.
The day is here !!
How Assassin's Creed changed
I got this.
And she hasn't played with me since...
Just bought a safe for valuables... luckily, Fallout has taught me exactly what I should put in.
Fake gaming news
Is this Politically Correct?
Fallout IRL
Wife was strangely adamant on buying the kids an Oculus for Xmas, 10 minutes after setting it up I come to the bedroom and find this.
Think as one, act as one, be one...
2K is begging its fans to fight for them in order to keep their ridiculously predatory loot boxes In their games
Tactical nuke incoming [The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild]
Rate my setup.
When you have an empty mag in VR
It's make sense ...
My Valkyrie Cosplay from God of War
Anniversary gift from my GF who games with me. We all make sacrifices to have this!
Netflix's 'THE WITCHER' Poster
Thanks to VR, we can now experience lag IRL
She accidentally joined my GTA golf game, one bad joke and a few months later I made the trip from California to Australia. Sometimes they actually are girls.
Toriyama Link
I forgot how to forget? 
My friend lives next to this. The license plate on the back reads "CHRZRD".
Ill be missing you
The general public is getting tired of photomode
Not talking about those flat screens either.
The greatest bookmark ever.
Oh, how the tables have turned
When people compliment my holiday cheer.
Nintendo was still putting out adult ads in 2006.
Nintendo's advertising was much edgier in the 90's
Even in gaming they still find me
Nintendo President Satoru Iwata Passes Away
A collection of "The Carlton" dance in video games
This ad is just... beautiful
Arrow in the knee = getting married
More games on an augmented climbing wall
Paying Respect
Fallout 4, years later, still gets me
This Mario themed tattoo is super cool looking!
I Just Had The Most Amazing Thing happen at Gamestop
My wife and I built this Kaer Morhen Witcher 3 armor for our son's school Halloween parade. Bird is our Sun Conure parrot Lily.
the police will often go to great measures to capture a convict
Typical Female Armor
When times were simpler
Driveclub's windshield rain physics is next level
Overwatchs next hero is a hamster in a giant, rolling mech suit
Map stabbers have to be stopped!
Crafting level: Maxed
When you get your pencil stuck in the ceiling right before a test
I dont remember Mario being this hard
After 7 months and over 310hrs of work, here is my ode to Mario and all of his greatness.
Halo starships size comparison
I carved the scariest thing I could think of.
Classic silent hill is classic
Only the penitent man will pass
My toddler keeps trying to grab my controller so my wife got him this so he can play along... doesn't even watch the TV, just mashes buttons. Solid investment.
Hey... don't do that.
Just got an Xbox one tried all the microphones I own this was the only thing that worked.
The first nightclub I ever went to. Back in the good old days.
With new Spider-Man occuping the headlines, let's not forget about this gem
This deal happened today. Bought an entire Playstation 2 library from someone. Picking up tomorrow
I drew Garfield as a Gameboy-styled horror game
Ice cave
I made this years ago. We're at "Anger" again.
Speedrunning Super Mario 64
Never give up
Mallet Aquired
HALO costume at graduation
Missing the memo for dress-up day
when you cant afford to buy a new game. repost from r/godofwar
When you order same day shipping and it's 11:59pm
One is a world-champion boxer who can K.O. you with only one hit to the face...The other is Mike Tyson.
Not even The God of War is safe...
Lvl 3 vs lvl 97
When you realize you won't make the corner
The "ol razzle dazzle"
Game of the year every year
Happy birthday to the greatest athlete of all time
When an NPC starts talking shit.
Kojima sums up Death Stranding.
I'm a big Fallout fan and have used a wheelchair most of my life. What do you think of my tattoo?
Poor driver..
Dark Souls 2 hit 200,000,000 deaths tonight.
Walking through space
I for one welcome our new Chinese Overwatch...
when you're overpowered for the first boss batte
I've never worked for so long for an achievement.
Happy Halloween, maggots!
Nerds have figured it out.
It's a me Patio!
System that prevents problems with little nephews
Welcome Traveler
65%
New smash looks soo good 
PK:GO
2016 in a nutshell
Finally some good news
Amazing Horizon Zero Dawn cosplay at E3
21-year-old terminal cancer patient Chris Taylor played an E3 demo of Smash Bros Ultimate for three hours when Nintendo brought it to his home in Ontario, Canada. He has only months to live and it was one of his final wishes.
2003, a rookie LeBron James traveling with his PS2
This is getting out of hand
Fallout new vegas had some amazing dialogue (no repost version)
I was browsing Twitch when all of a sudden it hit me...
I felt that you felt that he felt that we all felt that
Hey Reddit thank you so much for all the love for my car! Its much appreciated!
It's how the pros do it
I got The Legend of Zelda for my Switch.
Weezing Jack-o-Lantern
Borderlands 3 Official Developer Trailer
Uhh..
PUBG is becoming a horror game..
Heard you like Cosplay girls.
Donkey Kong in Soul Calibur.
Doors in KSP
This... game
A year ago today, I was in Kyoto attempting to get a good picture of Nintendo HQ when I bumped into this friendly employee who was happy to help. :)
Better than a smart fridge
Pikachu? Haven't heard that name in years.
Asked my local GAME store if these were for sale and they gave them to me for free!
In Light of Today's News... I Think B.J. Speaks For All of Us
Hardcore Pokemon hunter grandpa
I think everyone here can relate
My dad died last week. Here's him playing an FPS in 1996 on a sweet Packard Bell.
Its the Five Year Anniversary of Twitch Plays Pokmon
In Assassin's Creed Origins if you spend too much time in the desert, you start hallucinating.
If only
Microsoft's next console name
Livestreaming taken to the next level
If it works... it works, don't argue with logic
How to overtake in F1
The nostalgic "LAN Party Gamer Duct-Taped to Ceiling" from another angle
Mario was a savage
Bulbasaur is just baby toothless
Just makes me love the game even more...
Kirby dev team attemps to draw him by hand
Stealth Kill
Best Secret Santa Gift Ever!
This Borderlands cake
Can't be the only one who thought this
Real Life vs Crysis
The Circle of Life
Pathetic
Geralt, not now
Still my favorite PokeDex entry of all time
Just Cause 3 Landing Tallest building with Tarzan Swing
Kings Landing made in Minecraft. Over 5,000 houses all uniquely made.
Survival games in a nutshell
What kind of NPCs are these ?
10/10
Genji from Overwatch cosplay I made with paper and foam
Found a hanged man alive and very quiet on AC Unity.
My mother bought me Family Feud, for Wii. I decided it needed different box art.
You couldn't be more wrong
Obsidian is certainly not pulling punches with this one
The beautiful reload animations of Battlefield
Silent Hill and the movie "Kindergarten Cop" share the same universe
Nothing personal, kid.
I'm almost completely blind, but I've been a Pokemon fan since the 90s. I've always felt left out because I could never play the handheld Pokemon games..until now. Thank you, Nintendo. It's not perfect in terms of accessibility, but it's enough for me.
In RDR2, Arthurs pupils actually dilate!
The most important game in the world. Finally winning.
A Relic from an ancient time.
The Crossover we Deserve
Satisfaction 100!
Graphics Then vs Graphics Now
The Two Types of Breath of the Wild Players
Gotta love a good menu screen
My first game is being released in a few days. I'm crazy nervous
We won't catch a break till the enemy is truly annihilated.
By the way, you forgot your BRIEFCASE [Hitman 2]
I recorded and overlaid my last 46 attempts at the final level of N.
Ubisoft sent me a promotional email for the private beta of The Division 2 and I've never laughed harder. Got an email a few hours later apologizing for the "offensive subject line" but this was brilliant.
This is the thing that really bothers me about the Switch reveal.
When you play other games but Rocket League is life
If Pokmon were real
Kingdom hearts has changed Donald duck
Zuraw in Witcher 3 and in Poland
The Male fantasy
When you are sentenced to death but duties are duties.
Ah, Dr. Freeman
My take on spider-man Photomode. Recreating the Amazing spiderman cover in game.
Im about to end this mans whole career
This is too accurate
Greed will be our downfall
Virtual Virtual Reality
Mr Houses voice actor (Ren Auberjonosis) has sadly passed away yesterday. May he Rest In Peace and know he proved one of the greatest fallout new vegas characters.
Making new friends at a gaming convention
Cuphead has nothing on this game
Epic Diablo Cosplay.
This be the truth
Not a synth
Truck Simulator
Reasons to get Marvel's Spiderman
hmmm
Well, that's one way to beat a Zelda shrine.
Me irl
The dankest solution to the Modern Warfare backlash.
Taking the perfect photograph in GTA V
Nostalgic times when we got terrible adaptations
Living his best life
I make plushies. I think I'm pretty good.
Found an ancient relic underneath the bottom shelves of my Toys R Us
Fallout cosplay
Red Dead Redemption 2: Comparison between platforms
Nintendo fan turns his TV into a giant Switch
When there's only a minute left to order "Same-Day Shipping"
How about no?
This well rendered Nightingale Armor looks like a real cosplay photo
I can't believe that actually worked.
Evolution of esports. LoL World's championship season 1 vs season 7.
The oldest trick in the book
Day 1,287 of the US Gov shutdown
weird flex but here goes
Im not the smartest man in the world but I dont think this math checks out
Christmas gifts, 20 years apart
YOU DIED
When you spend your food money on RDR2
Found my large stash of old Dave & Buster cards Ive been saving for 10 years. Turns out combining them was enough to trade in for a Nintendo Switch (100,000 tickets)
I still laugh at EA's choice of picture for Pele.
Feel free to rest at this bonfire.
Spec Ops: Survival Mode In Modern Warfare will be Exclusive to the PS4 for an entire year.
Best way to name your Pokmon
Fastest playthrough ever.
2019 everyone.
Prop Energy Sword
Found this pin on the sidewalk
The ol' sword-pogo technique [Blade & Sorcery]
One of my 5th grade students brought this to show me today saying I brought you an ancient item... He was later heard explaining to the other boys in class that this old machine didnt even have a charger and ran on freaking batteries.
Apply to be a crop duster they said, it would be fun they said
Keanu Reeves as Kenshi from Mortal Kombat
Office Mario Kart ends in tears for one of us.
some handles should never be pulled..
Playing hard vs playing smart
When your fire physics are too real
RIP
Who says lan parties are dead?!
I painted over NES games screenshots, part II (Contra II, Punch-Out!!, Duck Hunt)
Developer honesty.
This recently appeared in Milan, Italy
Just finished! How does everyone else set up their Cory in the House displays?
"In-Flight Meal" By TricksyWizard
Remember when you had to actually play a game to unlock awesome stuff? Hayabusa armor: find all 13 hidden skulls, Recon armor: beat the Vidmaster challenges (some of the hardest achievements in gaming). This and more, all locked behind a wall of effort, not a credit card number.
Captain Hjnk
Icing a Mario cookie.
Lag in real life
So Red Dead 2 Online is going pretty well
Bus stop Mario
Yennefer cosplay
Happy birthday Shirley Curry!
Every child my wife and I foster or adopt gets initiated with their own controller!
My friends' "save the date" for their wedding
Trying to pacifist run SuperHot is insane.
God of War painting I did for my son!
3 round burst sucks they said.
After 15 years, EVE Online is having it's first $1,000,000 battle tomorrow. Here is your guide to the action.
True
A lady was trying to sell this at Gamestop and they wouldn't take it, so I did. Merry Christmas to me!
The Last of Us Part II Announced!
Just finished colored pencils drawing inspired by Nier: Automata. It took 100h from my life so hope You will like it!
Expensive Hobby
Hope this prototype will make it to release
He did what?!
PUBG shouldn't be a contender for GOTY, there should be Full Releases only.
This cool halo painting
Nothing beats the ultimate defense
This treadmill gives you the option to run through the worlds of popular games
Aaaaand this is how you lose sales.
Git gud
We can play singleplayer games OFF THE INTERNET? Are they seriously that out of touch to advertise this?
This guy is going places
Built My First Arcade Machine
EA reduced the cost of heroes in Battlefront 2, but forgot to mentioned they reduced your rewards. Do not believe their "changes"
That's my purse! I don't know you!
I want to take this with me everywhere
The ultimate co-op campaign.
When in doubt use your pistol!
My friends and I dressed up as Team Rocket
Don't mind me
Outlast trailer for Switch is too real
Those bastards lied to me
I feel unique
Fallout 76  Official Teaser Trailer
Same car, same location, only difference is that the top picture is from Forza Horizon 4
Sold.
My friend decided that for his Stag Night, he would host a 16-player System Link of Halo 2 and 3, with new friends and old, in a brewery with beer on tap. We haven't had a System Link in nearly 12 years.
This is one awesome keychain
When game developers do bow description.
I work at a small gaming store. This monstrosity came in today... The Nintendo Gamecube ASCII Keyboard Controller.
Pip Boy Orgy
Around 50 per game...
*rage quits*
It ain't stupid if it works!
Best description for a rocket launcher?
The internet today
At least Fire Emblem was ballsy
Tourist to Raider.
My Xbox 360 turns 11 this year, and it has never red ringed on me ever
Cyberpunk 2077 Gameplay Reveal  48-minute walkthrough
Every single match
Holy shit
Shelves of unsold Playstation Classics at my local electronics store:
Angela Merkel playing Farming Simulator at GamesCom
Kratos right now
My bathroom now!
Corner: Nostalgia
Thanks to GTA, I now know how to properly merge!
A message to Sony
My wife made a custom cover for my new game.
Red and Blue is amazing
Pucker up.
Looks interesting.
It was a journey
Why Zelda is superior to RDR2
Stan Lee Homage In Spiderman PS4
Showerthought: Steam should let you input your PC specs so if you want you can filter the store to only show games you can actually play
She proudly replied please do when I told her I was uploading this to Reddit. Hope she sees it.
Best damn pirate you will ever see
Best dialogue in GTA
The real game that needs a remaster
Australian Wholesomeness
Dear Ubisoft, please don't place a scared dog if you're not gonna let me pet him/her.
This 14 TV from 2000 was sold only in Japan and included a built-in Sega Dreamcast console
Every single time
We'll see about that
Please don't be mean to your fellow gamers
Its the Four Year Anniversary of Twitch Plays Pokmon
How not to use your fallout glasses.
My first oh shit moment gaming as a child
Professor Oak
Gotta give the tabletop rpg community some love
8 years ago, Battlefield 3 was released
Now this is the way to do it
Best Ouija board ever
Scooby-Doo - Dark Souls edition
Triggering boss fights 101
i had to see this so now you have to
Its a me, Mario
My little brother made an observation.
If you cant hide the wires, make them part of the decor.
All that build up and then failure
Hand bent glass neon light - AkuAku - what do you Think?
This went in a much different direction than I thought.
The physics are absolutely insane! [RDR2]
Like nostalgic bars of gold
A semi-sentient malicious piece of code trying to escape deletion at all costs [Recompile]
Yeah, I'm a Gamer
Always loved the Nintendo 64 logo, so I made a minimalist version!
One very interesting thing I discovered is that the symbol of AC is really an eagle skull. I dont know if you knew that.
7 player Smash at the airport. My life is officially a Switch ad.
After 10 years i think i finished my Rollercoaster Tycoon 2 park
Gen 3 had the best legendaries
imo most wholesome game of the year
Monster Hunter Character Creation Tool Cosplay
You ask you receive
Today, a dream came true: I was able to donate two Gaming Stations to a local childrens hospital raised purely through the gaming community. 
Trailer Footage VS Actual Gameplay
Nintendo switch online atm
Switch Lite on Friends
Frying pan or flying pan?
Yoshi's Cheeks are slightly fatter in the American Version of Super Mario Kart
Well fuck you too, Toad
What in tarnation is this
I'm but a simple man with a dream
When the Police will do anything to catch you:
