Congress has set out a bill to stop the FCC taking away our internet. PLEASE SPREAD THIS AS MUCH AS YOU CAN.
California-based game company Blizzard bans pro esports player and confiscates his prize money after he voices support for Hong Kong protesters
If Reddit was half as verbal about net neutrality as they are about Star Wars Battlefront II, then we could stop ISP's and the FCC
Comcast is trying to censor our pro-net neutrality website that calls for an investigation into fake FCC comments potentially funded by the cable lobby
Bernie Sanders unveils plan to boost broadband access, break up internet and cable titans: We are going to take on the greedy internet, telecom, and cable monopolies and put an end to their absurd price gouging
Reddit just passed Facebook as #3 most popular website in US
Congressmen demand investigation of FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, Sinclair Broadcast Group
SOPA, PIPA, CISPA, ACTA, TPP, ITU, CISPA again, TAFTA. We won them all. In 2015 Net Neutrality, for free access to our Internets. The FCC just signalled the death knell for that hard-won fight. We need to have a serious conversation and fight this, and time is short. Let's have that conversation.
Verizon throttled fire departments unlimited data during Calif. wildfire
Massive Fraud in Net Neutrality Process is a Crime Deserving of Justice Department Attention
A lawsuit against Apple is launched in France, one of the only countries where planned obsolescence is explicitly illegal
Netflix would lose 57% of their subscribers if they added commercials
Apple Is Blocking an App That Detects Net Neutrality Violations From the App Store: Apple told a university professor his app "has no direct benefits to the user."
Apple Being Sued for 'Purposefully Slowing Down Older iPhone Models'
Senate votes in favor of overturning FCC on Net Neutrality
PornHub, OK Cupid, Imgur, DuckDuckGo, Namecheap, Bittorrent, and a bunch of other big sites have joined the Internet-Wide Day of Action for Net Neutrality on July 12 (Amazon, Kickstarter, Etsy, Mozilla, and Reddit were already on board.)
The rise of Netflix competitors has pushed consumers back toward piracy - BitTorrent usage has bounced back because there's too many streaming services, and too much exclusive content.
74% of Netflix Subscribers Would Rather Cancel Their Subscription Than See Ads
Reddits The_Donald Was One Of The Biggest Havens For Russian Propaganda During 2016 Election, Analysis Finds
White House must now respond to the people asking for FCC Chairman Ajit Pais resignation over net neutrality
Dead People Mysteriously Support The FCC's Attack On Net Neutrality
Cards Against Humanity Creator Just Pledged To Buy and Publish Congresss Browser History
F.C.C. Repeals Net Neutrality Rules
Nebraska Introduces Law to Re-Instate Net Neutrality - The Internet Neutrality Act (LB856) would restore the former federal rules and prohibit broadband internet service providers from limiting or restricting access to web sites, applications, or content.
FCC admits it was never actually hacked.
Stephen Hawking has passed away at 76 years old
Golden Globes host Ricky Gervais roasted Apple for its 'Chinese sweatshops' in front of hordes of celebrities as Tim Cook watched from the audience
FCC Plan To Use Thanksgiving To 'Hide' Its Attack On Net Neutrality Vastly Underestimates The Looming Backlash
FCC Has Reportedly Been Using Dead Peoples Social Media Accounts To Spread Propaganda: The FCC might be making pro-repeal comments on your or even your dead relatives' behalf.
FCC Releases Net Neutrality Killing Order, Hopes You're Too Busy Cooking Turkey To Read It
Netflix comes out for net neutrality, tells FCC 'We will see you in court'.
The new chairman of the FCC was a top lawyer at Verizon. Now he's calling for a vote to kill net neutrality. Were protesting at retail stores across the U.S. to demand that Congress stop Verizons FCC from destroying the Internet as we know it.
Top Voting Machine Vendor Admits It Installed Remote-Access Software on Systems Sold to States - Remote-access software and modems on election equipment 'is the worst decision for security short of leaving ballot boxes on a Moscow street corner.'
AT&T fined $60 million for throttling unlimited data plans.
Ajit Pai calls Californias net neutrality rules illegal - California senator replies: The rules are "necessary and legal because Chairman Pai abdicated his responsibility to ensure an open Internet"
Congress introduces Save the Internet Act to overturn Ajit Pais disastrous net neutrality repeal and help keep the Internet 
The FCC is expected to announce a vote to gut net neutrality rules the day before Thanksgiving. This could be the last chance for Internet users to make their voices heard.
Group of 27 Dem senators calls on FCC to delay net neutrality vote
Two Separate Studies Show That The Vast Majority Of People Who Said They Support Ajit Pai's Plan... Were Fake
I know youre tired of hearing about net neutrality. Im tired of writing about it. But the Senate is about to vote, and its time to pay attention
New York attorney general slams the FCC for 'refusal to assist' investigation into fake comments about net neutrality
Due to excessive lobbying from FPL, Florida residents without power due to the hurricane are not permitted to use their own solar panels
Reddit, Mozilla, Vimeo and 22 state attorneys general fight to save net neutrality today
YouTube just demonetized anti-vax channels.
Baby boomers share nearly 7 times as many 'fake news' articles on Facebook as adults under 30, new study finds
It's now official - Humanity has landed a probe on a comet!
We need to make it clear to the FCC that we want uncapped Internet access, for innovation in an increasingly data dependent world and user protection.
35 States Tell the FCC to Get Off Its Ass and Do Something About Spoofed Robocalls
Americans Taxed $400 Billion For Fiber Optic Internet That Doesnt Exist
Eight members of Congress that voted to kill broadband privacy are now leading the charge to kill Net Neutrality as well
Elon Musk making kid-sized submarine to rescue teens in Thailand cave: "Construction complete in about 8 hours," the tech billionaire tweeted Saturday.
Twitter Shuts Down 200,000 Chinese Accounts for Spreading Disinformation About Hong Kong Protests
Jeff Bezos Says We're Destroying Earth, but Amazon Is the Slowest Tech Giant to Go Green
In Portugal, with no net neutrality, internet providers are starting to split the net into packages. This is the future of the Internet if the FCC gets its way. It's not theory. It's happening already.
The CLOUD Act would let cops get our data directly from big tech companies like Facebook without needing a warrant. Congress just snuck it into the must-pass omnibus package.
Apple reverses stance on iPhone repairs and will supply parts to independent shops for the first time
Broadband advisor picked by FCC Chairman Ajit Pai arrested on fraud charges
Facebook Donated to 46 of 55 Members on Committee that Will Question Zuckerberg
The 265 members of Congress who sold you out to ISPs, and how much it cost to buy them - The Verge
Burger King Deviously Explains Net Neutrality by Making People Wait Longer for Whoppers
John Oliver Is Calling on You to Save Net Neutrality, Again
New Bill Promises an End to Our Privacy Nightmare, Jail Time to CEOs Who Lie: "Mark Zuckerberg wont take Americans privacy seriously unless he feels personal consequences. Under my bill hed face jail time for lying to the government," Sen. Ron Wyden said.
Mystery Website Attacking City-Run Broadband Was Run by a Telecom Company
Chrome will no longer autoplay content with sound in January 2018.
The Supreme Court Phone Location Case Will Decide the Future of Privacy - Later this year, the Supreme Court will decide if police can track a persons cell phone location without a warrant. It's the most important privacy case in a generation.
Lyft will offer discounted rides to voters during US midterm elections. Voters in underserved communities will get free rides.
Comcast, Verizon, and AT&T have spent $572 MILLION on lobbying the government to kill net neutrality
Ajit Pai claims net neutrality hurt small ISPs, but data says otherwise.
The FTC Should Fine Itself for False Advertising for Promising You $125 From Equifax - Consumer groups say the FTC engaged in the same false and deceptive behavior its supposed to police.
Today, Senators will vote to allow ISPs to sell your internet history and end FCC online privacy rules
Bernie Sanders calls for a ban on police use of facial recognition
If Trumps FCC Repeals Net Neutrality, Elites Will Rule the Internetand the Future
Ajit Pai Being Investigated for Improper Coordination With Sinclair Broadcasting
Twitter permanently bans Alex Jones and Infowars accounts
The Feds Are Now Investigating The Millions Of Anti-Net Neutrality Comments Filed With Stolen Identities
AT&T paid $200,000 to Trumps attorney, Michael Cohen, and the payments stop right after Trumps FCC pick Ajit Pai repealed net neutrality
Comcast Wants You to Think It Supports Net Neutrality While It Pushes for Net Neutrality to Be Destroyed
26 Senators Support CRA Reversal of FCC Attack on Net Neutrality: an uphill effort to reverse the FCC's repeal via the Congressional Review Act (CRA) is gaining steam.
Amazon Will Pay a Whopping $0 in Federal Taxes on $11.2 Billion Profits
House Democrats Who Havent Supported Net Neutrality Yet Have All Taken Money from Telecoms - The deadline to pass the piece of legislation that would allow Congress to overturn the repeal of net neutrality is quickly approaching, yet many Democrats are staying mum.
Leaked Video Shows FCC Chair Ajit Pai Roasting Himself With 'Jokes' About Being a Verizon Shill
AT&T Met With Ajit Pai in Barcelona Shortly After Cohen Payment
Amazon staff will strike during Prime Day over working conditions.
DMVs Are Selling Your Data to Private Investigators - You gave them your data in exchange for a drivers license. DMVs are making tens of millions of dollars selling it, documents obtained by Motherboard show.
Blizzard's Hong Kong Screw-Up Is Officially an International Incident
Wondered why Google removed the "view image" button on Google Images?
Mark Zuckerberg has been sent a formal request to appear before MPs and answer questions regarding a growing scandal about user data
Update: Mozilla Will Re-File Suit Against FCC to Protect Net Neutrality
Reddit CEO Ellen Pao: "The Vast Majority of Reddit Users are Uninterested in" Victoria Taylor, Subreddits Going Private
13 Congress members tell Pai to stop giving evasive answers about net neutrality
'We are not robots': Amazon warehouse employees push to unionize
GOP Data Firm Accidentally Leaks Personal Details of Nearly 200 Million American Voters
RIP net neutrality: Ajit Pai's 'fuck you' to the American people becomes official.
TikTok admits it suppressed videos by disabled, queer, and fat creators.
Comcast rejected by small townresidents vote for municipal fiber instead
E-Mails Show FCC Made Up DDOS Attack To Downplay The 'John Oliver Effect'
Equifax sells your salary history to debt collectors, financial service companies, and prospective employers
More Than 80% Of All Net Neutrality Comments Were Sent By Bots, Researchers Say - 95% of all organic comments favored net neutrality
These are the 17 House Representatives that introduced a bill to let telecoms sell your personal internet history
The FCC is preparing to weaken the definition of broadband - "Under this new proposal, any area able to obtain wireless speeds of at least 10 Mbps down, 1 Mbps would be deemed good enough for American consumers."
FCC Plans December Vote to Kill Net Neutrality Rules
Documents show Ajit Pai met with AT&T execs right after the company started paying Michael Cohen. Congress needs to overturn the FCCs net neutrality repeal and investigate.
5G will be crazy fast, but it'll be worthless without unlimited data
Maine governor signs bill banning internet providers from selling consumer data without consent
Bill That Would Restore Net Neutrality Moves Forward Despite Telecoms Best Efforts to Kill it
This is kind of a big deal. Two Senators, one Republican and one Democrat, who were impersonated during net neutrality repeal, call on FCC to investigate millions of fake comments
Intel was aware of the chip vulnerability when its CEO sold off $24 million in company stock
Equifax reveals full horror of its data breach - "146.6 million names, 146.6 million dates of birth, 145.5 million social security numbers, 99 million address information and 209,000 payment cards (number and expiry date). There were also 38,000 US drivers' licenses and 3,200 passport details."
The FCC's 'Harlem Shake' video may violate copyright law -- The agency apparently didn't get permission to use the song
New bill would ban autoplay videos and endless scrolling - Taking aim at features that are designed to be addictive
Facebook admits to nearly as many fake or clone accounts as the U.S. population
The 265 members of Congress who sold you out to ISPs
Mark Zuckerberg did everything in his power to avoid Facebook becoming the next MySpace  but forgot one crucial detail No one likes a lying asshole
Lawmaker 'Disturbed' That FCC Made up DDOS, Lied to Press
Its Friday. The FCC just announced that the repeal of net neutrality will officially go into effect in one month unless Congress stops it. The Senate will vote on Wednesday. We have a job to do.
GOP Busted Using Cable Lobbyist Net Neutrality Talking Points: email from GOP leadership... included a "toolkit" (pdf) of misleading or outright false talking points that, among other things, attempted to portray net neutrality as "anti-consumer."
Tumblr lost almost 100 million site visits one month after porn ban.
A New Senate Bill Would Hit Robocallers With Up to a $10,000 Fine for Every Call
11% of the Military Budget Could Fund Enough Renewable Energy for Every Home in the US
DoorDash is still pocketing workers tips, almost a month after it promised to stop - Its been almost a month since the delivery company promised workers it would offer details about its new tipping policy in the coming days.
'Iron Man' actor Robert Downey Jr. has vowed to use robotics and AI to significantly clean up the Earth in the next decade
Congress Is About to Ban the Government From Offering Free Online Tax Filing. Thank TurboTax.
Fake anti-net neutrality comments were sent to the FCC using names and addresses of people without their consent
Warning Against Abdication of Duty, Senators Demand FCC Abandon Net Neutrality Vote: Ajit Pai's plan would leave the U.S. with a "gaping consumer protection void," say 39 senators
Tomorrow the privacy of everyone in the United States will be on the floor of the House of Representatives. Call your rep right now. Tell them to vote NO on repealing the FCC broadband privacy rules.
The FCC wants to charge you $225 to review your complaints
FCC getting sued for hiding from & ignoring multiple FoIA requests
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. is the single leading source of anti-vax ads on Facebook
Ajit Pai Now Trying To Pretend That Everybody Supported Net Neutrality Repeal
AT&T loses nearly 1 million TV customers after raising DirecTV prices
I live in the Central African bush. We pay for slow satellite internet (per MB d/l). Just ONE of our computers has secretly d/l'ed 6GB for Windows 10. We track & coordinate anti-poaching rangers in the field with these PC's + GPS. F* You Microsoft!
Minnesota Senate votes 58-9 to pass Internet privacy protections in response to repeal of FCC privacy rules
Elon Musk's Falcon Heavy rocket launches successfully
Remember that California Democrat who helped AT&T eviscerate a net neutrality bill? Were gonna put up a billboard in his district
Netflix Saves Our Kids From Up To 400 Hours of Commercials a Year
Washington becomes first state to pass net neutrality law after FCC repeal - All Washingtonians should enjoy equal and unfettered access to the educational, social and economic power of the Internet. Im proud that we're helping lead the way to preserve these rules, ensuring a level playing field.
Oakland becomes third U.S. city to ban police use of facial recognition
Reddit is being regularly manipulated by large financial services companies with fake accounts and fake upvotes via seemingly ordinary internet marketing agencies. -Forbes
Mozilla Firefox now blocks websites, advertisers from tracking you
Don't Be Fooled by the Comcast PR Machine: It Has Always Opposed Internet Freedom
Former Tesla employee admits uploading Autopilot source code to his iCloud - Tesla believes he stole company trade secrets and took them to Chinese startup, Xiaopeng Motors
FCC Chair Pai who is carrying out Verizon's plan to end net neutrality is speaking at Verizon headquarters tomorrow.
In order to avoid Comcasts notorious Unreturned Equipment fees, I filmed myself properly returning all their equipment  I now owe $1320 in Unreturned Equipment and other fees.
I know youre tired of hearing about net neutrality. Im tired of writing about it. But the Senate is about to vote, and its time to pay attention
Facebook is on the defensive after its head of news was revealed to have cofounded a website critical of Elizabeth Warren
Ellen Pao Resigns as Reddit Interim CEO After User Revolt
Senator: Mark Zuckerberg should face "the possibility of a prison term" for repeatedly lying to the American people about their privacy
We posed as 100 Senators to run ads on Facebook. Facebook approved all of them.
FCC approves net neutrality rules, reclassifies broadband as a utility
Are you aware? Comcast is injecting 400+ lines of JavaScript into web pages.
Senate Democrats have made a brilliant move to try and save an open internet. They only need a simple majority to win this vote. While that's a long shot, there's still a good reason for them to force a vote: It will force Republican senators to take a public stand on this hot-button issue.
U.S. Navy bans TikTok from government-issued mobile devices
Reddit CEO Pao Under Fire as Users Protest Removal of Executive
Democrat Proposes Jail Time For Tech Companies Who Steal Your Data
How Instagram closed my account and gave it to a football celebrity
With the recent Chinese company, Tencent, in the news about investing in Reddit, and possible censorship, it's amazing to me how so many people don't realize Reddit is already one of the most heavily censored websites on the internet.
Verizon VP jokes at planting a 'brainwashed' FCC chairman, Ajit Pai says 'awesome'
FCC to seek total repeal of net neutrality rules, sources say
Self-Driving Cars Might Kill Auto Insurance as We Know It - Without humans to cause accidents, 90% of risk is removed. Insurers are scrambling to prepare.
Does the world really need a new iPhone every year?Apple and other tech firms have been criticized for deliberately making products with short life spans so consumers quickly find them obsolete and resort to buying the latest model.
Apple is getting slammed by both Republicans and Democrats for pulling an app used by Hong Kong protesters to monitor police activity
Say goodnight to net neutrality as AT&T just rolled out 'internet fast lanes'
Europe's GDPR is Killing Email Marketing, to the Disappointment of No One
Comcast Found Accidentally Blocking Legitimate Sites  Including PayPal and Steam
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai accused of cherry-picking data to repeal net neutrality
DoorDash Says Its Very Sorry You Noticed Its Tip-Skimming Scheme
After Hearthstone players ban, Blizzard is in hot water with lawmakers: Blizzard shows it is willing to humiliate itself to please the Chinese Communist Party, Sen. Ron Wyden said
I salute the 1 million North Americans who ditched Facebook last quarter
Stop trying to kill the headphone jack
Mark Zuckerberg says TikTok is a threat to democracy, but didn't say he spent 6 months trying to buy its predecessor
I set up my Raspberry Pi to automatically tweet at Comcast Xfinity whenever my internet speeds drop significantly below what I pay for
Mark Zuckerberg has been apologizing for reckless privacy violations since he was a freshman - Enough is enough.
TikTok says it doesnt censor content, but a user was just locked out after a viral post criticizing China
Feds Can't Force You To Unlock Your iPhone With Finger Or Face, Judge Rules
These 9 Senators proposed a bill to kill net neutrality called the "Restoring Internet Freedom Act"
Amazon jacked up Prime Day prices, misleading consumers, says vendor. We had an agreement that the suggested price of the product would be $9.99. On Amazon Prime Day the product was listed at $15.42 and then exed it out to put '$9.99 for Amazon Prime Day.'
Supreme Court Says You Can't Ban People From The Internet, No Matter What They've Done
First Republican lawmaker to publicly oppose the FCCs radical net neutrality repeal
Netflix could lose almost a quarter of its subscribers if it started running ads, study shows
Pissed Off by Verizon, Firefighters Join the Fight to Restore Net Neutrality - First responders join a chorus of angry Americans tired of big telecoms nonsense.
Columnists in the Wall Street Journal and TIME are publishing anti-Net Neutrality op-eds without disclosing that they're taking money from ISP's
Fox dowloaded a game clip from YouTube, used it in Family Guy and DCMA'd the original.
A New Bill Wants Jail Time for Execs Who Hide Data Breaches
It Begins: Trumps FCC Launches Attack on Net Neutrality Transparency Rules
Last-Minute Push to Restore Net Neutrality Stymied by Democrats Flush With Telecom Cash.
How a Norwegian comment section turned chaos into orderwith a simple quiz: "Readers had to prove they read a story before they were able to comment on it."
Washington state to sue Comcast for $100M. A news release says the lawsuit accuses Comcast of "engaging in a pattern of deceptive practices."
Hong Kong lawmaker who relied on the banned HKMap Live app warns Apple from becoming an 'accomplice for Chinese censorship'
80% Cut the Cord Because Cable TV is Simply Too Expensive
Reddit Users Rally Against Chinese Censorship After the Site Receives a $150 Million Reported Investment
Study: Telecoms have been throttling YouTube and Netflix since demise of net neutrality
GOP senator says shell vote to restore net neutrality rules
Why is no one talking about Net Neutrality?
Comcast announced it's spending $10 billion annually on infrastructure upgrades, which is the same amount it spent before net neutrality repeal.
Sorry, Comcast: Voters say yes to city-run broadband in Colorado
Amazon bans incentivized reviews tied to free or discounted products
Dozens of mayors sign letter supporting resolution to restore net neutrality
Ivanka Trump used a personal email account to send hundreds of emails about government business last year
Here's a List of the Members of Congress Who Just Told Ajit Pai to Repeal Net Neutrality - And how much money they've taken from the telecom industry.
Verizon, instead of apologizing, we have a better idea --stop throttling
New Bill Would Stop States From Banning Broadband Competition
Internet to remain free and fair in India: Govt approves Net Neutrality
Microsoft's 'teen girl' AI, Tay, turns into a Hitler-loving sex robot within 24 hours
Netflix Has Almost 4x as Many Streaming Subscribers as Comcast has Cable Subscribers
John Oliver fights robocalls by robocalling Ajit Pai and the FCC - Pai has helped robocallers by failing to issue strict rules, Oliver argues.
Facebook caught automatically blocking AP and Guardian stories about the their massive data breach
Opinion: Dont Regulate Facial Recognition. Ban It. | We are on the verge of a nightmare era of mass surveillance by the state and private companies. It's not too late to stop it.
App that cancels subscriptions launches in UK - A service which automatically cancels subscriptions at the end of the free trial period has launched in the UK.
Do Not, I Repeat, Do Not Download Onavo, Facebooks Vampiric VPN Service
Automatic Listening Exploitation Act would fine a company $40K for each recording their smart home device makes without a users permission
Yahoo let the NSA read your email before you even opened it. Yahoo was just revealed to be the very first US internet company to build a program, at the request of US Intelligence Services, to search every single incoming message of every single user in real time.
Facebook waited until the Mueller report dropped to tell us millions of Instagram passwords were exposed
With Net Neutrality Dead, Proposed Bill Promises Internet "Fast Lanes" - Its pay to browse fast in the post-net neutrality age.
AT&T plans to fire 7000 people despite tax breaks/net neutrality repeal
Here are the 256 representatives that just voted to reauthorize and expand unconstitutional NSA spying
San Francisco just took a huge step towards internet utopia, becoming the first major city to pledge to connect all homes and businesses to a fiber optic network
Billion-Dollar Facebook Investor Tells Mark Zuckerberg To Quit As Chairman
Obama says FCC should reclassify internet as a utility
Youre not quitting Facebook if you still use Instagram and WhatsApp
'Real Teeth': Senator's Bill Would Punish CEOs With Up to 20 Years in Jail for Violating Consumer Privacy Rules
Steve Ballmer Serves Up a Fascinating Data Trove - "On Tuesday, Mr. Ballmer plans to make public... a stealth start-up... called USAFacts. The database is perhaps the first nonpartisan effort to create a fully integrated look at revenue and spending across federal, state and local governments."
IP Address is Not Enough to Identify Pirate, US Court of Appeals Rules
Blizzard denies reports that it's banning Twitch viewers for pro-Hong Kong chat
AT&T is charging customers an extra $29 a month if they want to opt out of the companys Internet Preferences program, which tracks the webpages you visit, the time you spend on each, the links or ads you see and follow, and the search terms you enter.
The Senates push to overrule the FCC on net neutrality now has 50 votes
Nazi forums closed as Reddit purges 'violent content' - Reddit has closed down several extremist forums after updating its policy regarding violent content.
The FCC is Lying When It Claims Net Neutrality Hurt Investment
Twenty-two states ask U.S. appeals court to reinstate 'net neutrality' rules
Senators demand FCC answer for fake comments after realizing their identities were stolen.
Firefox taking a hard line against noisy video, banning it from autoplaying
Comcast forced to pay refunds after its hidden fees hurt customers credit
There Was So Much Wind Power In Germany This Weekend, Consumers Got Free Energy - Power prices turned negative as wind output reached 39,409 megawatts on Saturday, equivalent to the output of about 40 nuclear reactors.
Amazons facial recognition matched 28 members of Congress to criminal mugshots
Facebook pledged $1bn to help California's housing crisis. Can't they pay their taxes instead?
Amazon warehouse workers pee into bottles because they are scared of being punished for taking a comfort break
FCC Commissioner Blasts Her Own Agency for Withholding Evidence of Fraud
Facebook scraped call, text message data for years from Android phones.
The WhatsApp Cofounder Who Sold To Facebook For $19 Billion Tells Students To Delete Facebook
Google officially ends forced Google+ integration on YouTube
Fake News Is Only the Beginning. The FCC Votes to Let Monopolies Decide What Local News You See
Facebook will reportedly be fined a record $5 billion over privacy mishaps
Congresswoman Rosen introduces Restoring American Privacy Act of 2017 to reverse S.J. Res. 34
The FCC just repealed a 42-year-old rule blocking broadcast media mergers
Wells Fargo says hundreds of customers lost homes after computer glitch; Hundreds of people had their homes foreclosed on after software used by Wells Fargo incorrectly denied them mortgage modifications
Facebook isnt free speech, its algorithmic amplification optimized for outrage
Why one Republican voted to kill privacy rules: Nobody has to use the Internet
Why is a 22GB database containing 56 million US folks' personal details sitting on the open internet using a Chinese IP address? Seriously, why?
Company Ordered to Pay Woman $459K After Spamming Her With More Than 300 Robocalls
Amazon Workers Demand Jeff Bezos Cancel Face Recognition Contracts With Law Enforcement
Tesla crash: father of dead driver blames Teslas rocketship-like acceleration for his daughters death - "the police revealed that both Speckman and McCarthy were intoxicated at the time of the accident."
AT&T says it never blocked apps, fails to mention how it blocked FaceTime.
India's richest man launches 4G LTE network in the country, offers unlimited free voice calls, cheapest data in the world
Net neutrality day of action update: Twitter, Soundcloud, and Medium, have joined. Reddit, This could be as big as SOPA.
The death of the internet: If we lose this, we lose everything. | The Outline
Comcasts Corporate response to my recent Reddit front page post (Comcasts Notorious Unreturned Equipment Fees) sends clear message: Comcast does not give a sh*t about customers  unless your story goes national.
Ajit Pai has personal financial interests in ending net neutrality
Big ISPs Spent $1 Million Attacking Colorado Community Broadband - ISPs like Comcast and CenturyLink spent nearly $1 million dollars trying to prevent one Colorado community from even discussing creative, community-driven solutions to the broadband competition problem.
Google to start punishing mobile sites that show hard-to-dismiss popups
Under Trump, 26% of Climate Change references have vanished from .Gov sites. A new report documents two years of science being scrubbed from government websites.
Man sues feds after being detained for refusing to unlock his phone at airport
Cloudflare Might Be Exploring a Way To Slow Down FCC Chairman Ajit Pai's Home Internet Speeds
Ku Klux Klan donation account suspended by PayPal - PayPal suspended an account used to raise funds by one of the US's largest white supremacist groups six days after it was first flagged by an anti-bigotry campaigner.
HP made a laptop slightly thicker to add 3 hours of battery life
Lawsuit filed in Atlanta U.S. District Court faults Equifax for gargantuan failures to secure and safeguard consumers personally identifiable information  and for failing to provide timely, accurate and adequate notice
Netflix rips net neutrality repeal: This is the beginning of a longer legal battle
Google and Facebook are watching our every move online. It's time to make them stop
Robocallers blasted Americans with 26.3 billion spam calls last year - Robocalls are up 46 percent from 2017
Chatbot lets you sue Equifax for up to $25,000 without a lawyer.
Comcast Subscribers Are Paying Up To $1.9 Billion a Year for Over-the-Air Channels They Can Get Free
The FCC Tried To Hide Net Neutrality Complaints Against ISPs
Group sex app leaks locations, pics and personal details. Identifies users in White House and Supreme Court
Netflix Loses 8% of Consumers with $1 Price Increase: Study
AT&T Lays Off Up to 1400 Employees Just Before Christmas
After Equifax breach, anger but no action in Congress. The aftermath of the data breach played out like a familiar script: White-hot bipartisan outrage, then hearings and proposals that went nowhere.
Senators Press Ajit Pai on DDOS Attack His Agency Made Up
Net neutrality: 'Dead people' signing FCC consultation
The fight for net neutrality is officially back on
After being down for 51 days, the original Pirate Bay is back online.
Vault 7: CIA Hacking Tools Revealed
FCC Retracts a Plan to Discourage Consumer Complaints
New Bill Would Stop Internet Service Providers From Screwing You With Hidden Fees - Cable giants routinely advertise one rate then charge you another thanks to hidden fees a well-lobbied government refuses to do anything about.
FCC Wants to Kill Net Neutrality. Congress Will Pay the Price
Man removes feds spy cam, they demand it back, he refuses and sues
Ajit Pai buries 2-year-old speed test data in appendix of 762-page report
'These are bad facts for him': Intel CEO's $24 million stock sale before disclosing the chip flaw could trigger lawsuits, SEC inquiry
Advertisers Boycott YouTube After Pedophiles Swarm Comments on Videos of Children
T-Mobile will pay a $48 million fine for throttling unlimited data plans
Almost half of US cellphone calls will be scams by next year, says report
Hillary Clinton IT Paul Combetta Asked How To Destroy Evidence On Reddit
Senator Doesn't Buy FCC Justification for Killing Net Neutrality
Comcast quietly drops promise not to charge tolls for Internet fast lanes
Trump calls for 6G cellular technology, because why the heck not
'Siri, I'm getting pulled over': a new shortcut for iPhones can automatically record the police
New report shows Russia used every major social media tool to help Trump.
Bose headphones spy on listeners and sell personally identifiable information to third parties without permission: Lawsuit
American Cities Are Fighting Big Business Over Wireless Internet, and Theyre Losing: Its often lost on the public just how badly theyre being screwed
Pro-privacy search engine DuckDuckGo hits 30M daily searches, up 50% in a year
Microsoft Japan's experiment with 3-day weekend boosts worker productivity by 40 percent
Apple has a change of heart and approves an app that finds net neutrality violations
France has banned all children under 15 from using their phones in school
California's Net Neutrality Bill Is Strong Again Because You Spoke Out
Stop hiding 47,000 net neutrality complaints, advocates tell FCC chair
Zuckerbergs new privacy essay shows why Facebook needs to be broken up: Mark Zuckerberg doesnt understand what privacy meanshe cant be trusted to define it for the rest of us.
How To Permanently Delete A Facebook Account
Comcast Tells Customer The Only Reason Hes Getting Bogus Charges Refunded Is Because He Recorded Call
Ad code 'slows down' browsing speeds - Ads are responsible for making webpages slow to a crawl, suggests analysis of the most popular one million websites.
New Zealand's Prime Minister Says Social Media Can't Be 'All Profit, No Responsibility'
Trump Cant Block Critics From His Twitter Account, Appeals Court Rules
US court confirms danger posed by 'sound cannons'. "The problem posed by protesters in the street did not justify the use of force, much less force capable of causing serious injury, such as hearing loss," the court said in its ruling.
Facebook Just Lost More Than Tesla's Entire Market Cap in Two Days
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez quits Facebook, says social media is a health risk
Privacy-focused DuckDuckGo finds Google personalizes search results even for logged out and incognito users
Elizabeth Warren's new plan: Break up Amazon, Google and Facebook
Gov. Brown signs California Net Neutrality Bill SB 822
Georgia defends voting system despite 243-percent turnout in one precinct
Google Maps will now display speed limits for its Android and iOS apps
Guys, Mxico has no net neutrality laws. This is what it really looks like. No mockup, glimpse into a possible future for the US. (Image in post)
Yes, Net Neutrality Is Being Stolen From Us in a Fucked Up, Undemocratic Heist
New Bipartisan Legislation Would Repeal Trumps Solar Tariffs: I dont know what good can possibly come as a consequence of stifling the growth of solar power.
Hey, Hawaii: The Telecom Industry Lobbied Against Testing for Emergency Alert System - Everyone in Hawaii received a ballistic missile threat today under a system that currently has no good testing protocols.
FCC accused of colluding with Big Cable to game 5G legal challenge
Jails are replacing visits with video callsinmates and families hate it
Mod Announcement: We're considering banning all domains that require users to disable ad blockers and we'd like your input
Chrome 66 arrives with autoplaying content blocked by default.
China unveils 500 megapixel camera that can identify every face in a crowd of tens of thousands
Comcast to begin charging for data usage on home internet the same way cell phone companies are charging for data
Streaming Exclusives Will Drive Users Back To Piracy And The Industry Is Largely Oblivious
Facebook ads are spreading lies about anti-HIV drug PrEP. The company won't act. Advocates fear such ads could roll back decades of hard-won progress against HIV/Aids and are calling on Facebook to change its policies
Bernie Sanders applauds the gaming industrys push for unionization
California passes strongest net neutrality law in the country
Comcast Admits It Incorrectly Debited $1,775 From Account, Tells Me To Sort It Out With Bank
Android getting "DNS over TLS" support to stop ISPs from knowing what websites you visit
Democrats need just one more senator (and then a miracle) to reverse US net neutrality death
Google, Microsoft, and Amazons Trade Group Joining Net Neutrality Court Challenge
FCC Chair Ajit Pai Can't Come Up With a Single Plausible Reason Not to Screw Up the Entire US Internet
Time to break academic publishings stranglehold on research - Science journals are laughing all the way to the bank, locking the results of publicly funded research behind exorbitant paywalls. A campaign to make content free must succeed
Reddit's Largest Pro-Trump Subreddit Appears To Have Been Targeted By Russian Propaganda For Years
10 Members of Congress rake FCC over the coals in official net neutrality comment
Google, Ting, Netflix Dare To Suggest That Maybe Giant, Anti-Competitive ISPs Shouldn't Be Writing State Telecom Laws
Ajit Pai Is Suddenly Very Concerned About Whether Tech Companies Are Censoring Conservatives
Ex-Mozilla CTO: US border cops demanded I unlock my phone, laptop at SF airport  and I'm an American citizen - Techie says he was grilled for three hours after refusing to let agents search his devices
Pelosi says Democrats to introduce bill to bring back net neutrality this week
Ajit Pai loses in courtFCC cant kill broadband subsidy in Tribal areas
More than 40 ISPs Across the Country Tell Chairman Pai to Not Repeal Network Neutrality and Maintain Title II Enforcement
Apple CEO Tim Cook: 'I Don't Think a Four-Year Degree is Necessary to Be Proficient at Coding'
If the FCC succeeds in dismantling net neutrality, itll be up to organisations like the EFF to mount a legal challenge. Now more than ever, its time to donate to the EFF!
Complaints Against Police Officers With Body Cameras Drop 93 Percent
Silicon Valley giants accused of avoiding over $100 billion in taxes over the last decade
Facebook is the most popular social network for governments spreading fake news and propaganda
The NSA hack proves Apple was right to fight the FBI
Zuckerberg Hits Users with the Hard Truth: You Agreed to This
2.6 million comments in, the FCC has changed almost nothing about its net neutrality proposal
Lawmakers Have Snuck CISA Into a Bill That Is Guaranteed to Become a Law
This doctor is recruiting an army of medical experts to drown out fake health news on Instagram and Twitter
Fight for your right to fix your own iPhone: The "Right-to-Repair" movement fights corporate rules that keep you from fixing your own broken stuff
ISPs Gave 8X More Cash to Politicians That Axed FCC Privacy Rule
11 Mayors Applauded for Refusing to Do Business With Companies That Don't Support Net Neutrality: "Town by town, city by city, local leaders are taking back everyone's right to connect and communicate."
Court says net neutrality rules will go into effect today: Rules that treat the Internet like a public utility and prevent companies from blocking or slowing down some online traffic will go into effect today after a federal appeals court refused to delay them
New Bill Would Stop Internet Service Providers From Screwing You With Hidden Fees
These are the 24 Senators that introduced a bill to let telecoms sell your private internet history
China has started ranking citizens with a creepy 'social credit' system - here's what you can do wrong, and the embarrassing, demeaning ways they can punish you
The Average U.S. Millennial Watches More Netflix Than TV
Googles Larry Page gave $400 million in Christmas donations. Not a penny went straight to charity. How Silicon Valley billionaires skirt charity rules each holiday season.
He doesnt believe in it: Mark Zuckerberg has never cared about your privacy, and hes not going to change.
Democrat asks why FCC is hiding ISPs answers to net neutrality complaints: 'FCC apparently still hasn't released thousands of documents containing the responses ISPs made to net neutrality complaints.'
Rhode Island bill would charge $20 fee to unblock Internet porn
Reddit in uproar after staff sacking
Trumps Cybersecurity Advisor Rudy Giuliani Thinks His Twitter Was Hacked Because Someone Took Advantage of His Typo
Fourth Amendment Caucus defeats Patriot Act expansion in Congress
Fight for your right... to repair - The Right to Repair is about restoring the power to repair products to the American people
The FCC Cited Zero of the 22 Million Consumer Comments in its 218-Page Net Neutrality Repeal: "Despite the millions of comments, letters, and calls received, this Order cites, not even one consumer comment."
Calling for Reddits CEO to step down reaches 14,000 (now 18,000 plus)
Facebook Says InfoWars, Which Reported That NASA Has a Slave Colony on Mars, Is a Valid Source of Opinion and Analysis
Police routinely misuse state and federal databases to stalk romantic interests, business partners, family, and even each other
Google Has Finally Started Penalizing Mobile Websites With Intrusive Pop-Up Ads
Calif. weighs toughest net neutrality law in USwith ban on paid zero-rating. Bill would recreate core FCC net neutrality rules and be tougher on zero-rating.
Obama didn't force FCC to impose net neutrality, investigation found
France will 'ban all petrol and diesel vehicles by 2040'
It's Now Clear None of the Supposed Benefits of Killing Net Neutrality Are Real - Network investment is down, layoffs abound, and networks are falling apart. This isnt the glorious future Ajit Pai promised.
Every American town should do what Rockport, Maine and Chattanooga, Tennessee have done and build a publically-owned fiber-optic network. If they can't afford to do that, the state or federal government should step in and help them finish the job, just like we did with electric power in the 1930s
Hulu drops to just $5.99 per month after Netflixs price hikes
AT&T CEO interrupted by a robocall during a live interview
HP is shipping audio drivers with a built-in keylogger
Uninstalling Facebook app saves up to 20% of Android battery life
AT&T just got hit with a $100 million fine after slowing down its unlimited data
FCC should produce logs to prove multiple DDoS attacks stopped net neutrality comments
Woman wins $10,000 judgment against Microsoft for forced Windows 10 upgrade
FCC Boss Ajit Pai Annoyed As Neutrality Fight Heads to the House
Facebook removed from S&P list of ethical companies after data scandals
Bell and other companys are working together to try and censor the internet in Canada, here's a link to were you can find more info on what's happening and how you can help stop them
Amazon removes books promoting dangerous bleach cures for autism and other conditions
Verizon, Apple Continue to Lobby Against Your 'Right to Repair'
Without Net Neutrality, Is It Time To Build Your Own Internet? Here's what you need to know about mesh networking.
Google says European politicians and government officials have used the "right to be forgotten" to delete 34000 articles about themselves from search results in Europe
Elon Musk Beats Out Mark Zuckerburg, Steve Jobs As The Most Admired Tech Leader
Pokmon Go loses its luster, sheds more than 10 million users. Engagement, downloads, and time spent in the app are fading fast.
Reddit Is Now The 4th Most Popular Site In The US
Comcast, AT&T Are Paying Minority Groups To Support Killing Net Neutrality
Congress introduces bipartisan legislation to permanently end the NSAs mass surveillance of phone records
2 students accused of jamming school's Wi-Fi network to avoid tests
Trump Quietly Nominates Mass Surveillance Advocate To "Protect" Your Privacy Rights
Trump pulls out of TPP trade deal
Polls show that over 80 percent of Republicans support net neutrality, while Democrat support is even higher, because almost everyone now knows that the internet is a prime part of our constitutional right to free speech.
California Becomes 20th State to Introduce Right to Repair This Year
Will Ajit Pai's FCC Probe into Hawaii False Alarm Expose Role Telecom Giants Played in Blocking Emergency System Upgrades? '...it was telecom giants, including his former employer Verizon, that played a specific and outsized role in preventing the implementation of several key safeguards.'
Seven cybersecurity members resign from Trump's advisory panel citing "insufficient attention to the growing threats"
Rwanda just released the first smartphone made entirely in Africa
Comcast's attempt to bash Google Fiber on Facebook backfires hilariously as its own customers respond by hammering it with complaints
People Arent Cancelling Netflix Because of Price Increases, Theyre Cancelling Because the Library is Shrinking
The Worlds Largest Wind Turbines Have Started Generating Power in England - A single revolution of a turbines blades can power a home for 29 hours.
Guy Sucks At Photoshop, Spends 10 Years Mastering Microsoft Paint To Illustrate His Book
Blizzard apologised for mishandling the 'Hearthstone' Hong Kong controversy, but won't lift its ban on the pro-gamer who spoke out in support of the protests
FTC Says 'Warranty Void If Removed' Stickers Are Bullshit, Warns Manufacturers - Federal law says you can repair your own things, and manufacturers cannot force you to use their own repair services.
It's official. Humans are going to Mars. NASA has unveiled their plan.
Unhappy Customer: Comcast told my employer about my complaint, got me fired
Trump Cybersecurity Advisers Resign In Moral Protest
1TB microSD cards are now a thing
Federal judge unseals trove of internal Facebook documents about how it made money off children
Apple just permanently banned Infowars from the App Store
Internal FCC Report Shows Republican Net Neutrality Narrative Is False
The US government is removing scientific data from the Internet
Three Equifax Managers Sold Stock Before Cyber Hack Was Revealed
Tech giants sued over 'appalling' deaths of children who mine their cobalt
AT&T Launches Fake 5G Network in Desperate Attempt to Seem Innovative
Windows 10 is bringing shitty ads to File Explorer, here's how to turn them off
Microsoft Says the FCC 'Overstates' Broadband Availability in the US - You cant fix a problem you dont understand, and America has no idea just how bad its broadband coverage gaps are.
U.S. consumer protection official puts Equifax probe on ice
Trump is reportedly expected to ban Chinese telecommunication equipment from US networks
There are now twice as many solar jobs as coal jobs in the US
Its time to get rid of the Facebook news feed, because its not news
New demand for very old farm tractors specifically because they're low tech
Twitter shuts down 30 sites dedicated to saving politicians' deleted tweets
Facebook and Google could be forced to tell you how much your data is worth under new US legislation
British Airways boss 'tries to gag staff' on IT meltdown which has hit 300,000 passengers after 'inexperienced staff outsourced to India didn't know to launch back up system'
76% of Netflix Subscribers Think Netflix Can Replace Traditional TV
NYT sues FCC, says it hid evidence of Russia meddling in net neutrality repeal
'Complete Joke': Democrats Ripped for Totally Failing to Grill FCC Chair Ajit Pai Over Net Neutrality Cyberattack Lies
Someone is trying to take entire countries offline and cybersecurity experts say 'it's a matter of time because it's really easy
These are the 11 Representatives and 21 Senators that have stood up to the FCC regarding net neutrality
The former Apple lawyer who was supposed to keep employees from insider trading has been charged with insider trading
Comcast's Xfinity Mobile Is Now Throttling Resolution, And Speed. Even UNLIMITED Users. Details Inside.
Sean Parker: Facebook was designed to exploit human "vulnerability"
Ticketmaster partners with scalpers to rip you off, two undercover reporters say. The company is reportedly helping ticket resellers violate its own terms of use.
Apple will update iOS to block police hacking tool
Video game companies unaware of Trumps summit on video game violence - The meeting is supposed to take place next week
Facebook is blocking any link to Tsu.co on every platform it owns, including Messenger and Instagram. It evendeleted more than 1 million Facebook posts that ever mentioned Tsu.coTsu is a new social network that claims to share its advertising revenue with its users.
Justin Trudeau Is Very Concerned With FCCs Plan to Roll Back Net Neutrality
Americans pay more for wireless data than consumers in most other developed countries
Reddit users are the least valuable of any social network
FCC Chair Ajit Pai Falsely Claims Killing Net Neutrality Will Help Sick and Disabled People
Reddit Is Testing Country-Specific Home Pages; People Across the World See Different Stories. If You Are Not a Fan of the Idea, Speak Now
The Senate votes to approve anti-robocalling bill
Colorado Town Offers 1 Gbps For $60 After Years Of Battling Comcast
'Complete control': Apple accused of overpricing, restricting device repairs
Ajit Pai: the man who could destroy the open internet - The FCC chairman leading net neutrality rollback is a former Verizon employee and whose views on regulation echo those of broadband companies
You Gave Facebook Your Number For Security. They Used It For Ads.
NVIDIA Tells Retailers To Sell To Gamers, Not Cryptominers As GPU Shortage Causes Extreme Price Gouging
Almost All of FCCs New Advisory Panel Works for Telecoms
Denouncing 'Wanton Disregard for Congress and the American People,' Dems Call on Ajit Pai to Come Clean About False FCC Cyberattack
Time to 'Break Facebook Up,' Sanders Says After Leaked Docs Show Social Media Giant 'Treated User Data as a Bargaining Chip'
Firefoxs fight for the future of the web - With Googles Chrome dominating the market, not-for-profit rival Mozilla is staking a comeback on its dedication to privacy
New California privacy law lets people find out exactly what companies know about them - The California Consumer Privacy Act comes into effect on Jan. 1
Twitter users erupt: #DNCLeaks disappears from trending news as WikiLeaks emails released
Bernie Sanders Says DMVs Should Stop Profiting From Drivers Personal Data
Tim Cook to Investors: People Bought Fewer New iPhones Because They Repaired Their Old Ones - Apple finally says that repair hurts its bottom line.
24% of Your Cable TV Bill Is Just Bogus Fees, Study Says - Consumer Reports estimates cable industry makes $28 billion a year in misleading surcharges alone.
Comcast sues Vermont to avoid building 550 miles of new cable lines - Vermont is trying to make Comcast bring TV and Internet to unserved areas.
Comcast to customer: Yes, we promised you a price. We refuse to honor our quote, despite the audio recording you've provided.
California net neutrality bill that AT&T hates is coming to New York, too | Ars Technica
Big Cable's pillow talk with FCC to forbid US states from writing own net neutrality rules
Your ISP now has to stop lying to you about broadband speeds - New rules around broadband advertising will usher in a depressing new era of honesty about the UK's cripplingly out-dated internet infrastructure
Washington just passed the countrys toughest net neutrality legislation
EU aims to abolish planned obsolescence
Uber is under federal investigation for spying on Lyft drivers.
Ajit Pais FCC Lied to Congress About Net Neutrality. They Should Act Now to Reverse the Repeal
Man sues Microsoft seeking new copy of Windows 7 after forced Windows 10 upgrade
After Endless Demonization Of Encryption, Police Find Paris Attackers Coordinated Via Unencrypted SMS
Mark Zuckerberg Thinks You Don't Trust Facebook Because You Don't 'Understand' It
Amazon needs to get a handle on its counterfeit problem. Fulfilled by Amazon should be a badge of trust, not a legal loophole.
Google Chromes next update will finally block autoplay videos that have sound
Facebook is globally lobbying against data privacy laws
Russia revoked .ru domain of racist Daily Stormer
TikTok says it will explicitly ban Holocaust denial and other conspiracy theories denying violent events
Federal move to undo internet freedom would make US more like Russia, not less
Russia bans sale of smartphones, computers and smart TV's without Russian-made software
Los Angeles Wants to Build Its Own Citywide Broadband Network - It would be one of the largest municipal broadband networks in the world. Now, Los Angeles is studying an aggressive plan to protect net neutrality.
What is the FCC hiding? Pai still wont release net neutrality server logs - FCC denies NYT appeal, says producing requested records is too hard.
Anonymous hackers take down over a dozen neo-Nazi sites in new wave of attacks.
Trumps energy plan doesnt mention solar, an industry that just added 51,000 jobs
Judge: FCC cant hide records that may explain net neutrality comment fraud
Rep. Khanna Releases Internet Bill of Rights - Would restore net neutrality rules, require opt in for personal info use
Finally, U.S. hospitals will have to post their prices online.
T-Mobile admits it spent $195,000 on Trumps hotel while lobbying for Sprint merger
Mark Zuckerberg Has Lost $5 Billion So Far Today Amid Facebook Data Controversy
Ask Toolbar Now Considered Malware By Microsoft
No, Apple, killing your headphone jack is not "courage"
India just got strongest regulations on Net Neutrality in the world
Hillary PAC Spends $1 Million to Correct Commenters on Reddit and Facebook: FEC loopholes mean Correct the Record can openly coordinate with Clintons campaign.
Ajit Pai's FCC Can't Stop Lying About Net Neutrality
Ajit Pai helped Charter kill consumer-protection rules in Minnesota
Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network
Germany Just Smashed an Energy Record, Generating 85% Electricity From Renewables
FCC pushes carriers to implement caller ID authentication by 2019 to block spam and scam robocalls from going through.
I'm calling shenanigans - FCC Comments for Net Neutrality drop from 700,000 to 200,000
Facebook is still running anti-vaccination ads despite ban - It says the ads don't violate its policies despite false claims.
FCC overturns state laws that protect ISPs from local competition
Fresh Prince actor sues Fortnite for use of 'iconic' Carlton dance - Alfonso Ribeiro wants to stop the makers of Fortnite and NBA 2K from using the dance he first performed on the 1990s sitcom
F.lux creators call Apple out for releasing Night Shift after banning their app
Apple's value has lost $446 billion since peaking in October, which is greater than the total market value of Facebook (or nearly any other US company)
President Trump claims Google is rigging search results to make him look bad.
ACLU urges cities to build public broadband to protect net neutrality
Google bans ads for payday loans
Court rules that ISPs do not need to give up information on alleged pirates, copyright infringers
Kill net neutrality and youll kill us, say 800 US startups
The New CISPA Bill Is Literally Exactly the Same as the Last One
Solar now costs 6 per kilowatt-hour, beating government goal by 3 years
Facebook under pressure to halt rise of anti-vaccination groups
The Sinclair Horrorshow Is the Result of Decades of Failing to Take Media Consolidation Worries Seriously - An FCC commissioner says the agency has become a rubber stamp for Sinclair Broadcasting.
YouTube will kill unskippable 30-second ads next year
This algae bioreactor can remove as much carbon dioxide as an acre of trees
Goldman Sachs asks in biotech research report: 'Is curing patients a sustainable business model?'
Adobe Tells Users They Can Get Sued for Using Old Versions of Photoshop - "You are no longer licensed to use the software," Adobe told them.
Google employees: We no longer believe the company places values over profits
AT&T Successfully Derails California's Tough New Net Neutrality Law
Netflix Changes Its Mind, Decides Maybe It Does Care About Net Neutrality Again
Uber Wants to Make It Illegal to Operate Your Own Self-Driving Car in Cities
Netflix's catalog has shrunk by a whopping 50% in the past few years
FCC Refuses to Release 47,000 Net Neutrality Complaints
TPP leaked: final draft of the intellectual property chapter, which some claim will destroy the internet as we know it, made available by Wikileaks
Judge says US govt has 'no right to rummage' through anti-Trump protest website logs
House Democrats Call for Investigation of FCC Chairman Over Sinclair Merger
Sci-Hub: Russian neuroscientist running 'Pirate Bay for scientists' with 48 million free academic papers
Visa, Mastercard, Stripe, and eBay all quit Facebooks Libra in one day
Feds raid New York tech firm suspected of selling Chinese equipment to the U.S. military
77% of Ad Blocking Users Feel Guilty about Blocking Ads; "The majority of ad blocking users are not downloading ad blockers to remove online advertising completely, but rather to fix user-experience problems"
47 US attorneys general are investigating Facebook for antitrust violations
China bars millions from travel for social credit offenses
Snapchat is building the same kind of data-sharing API that just got Facebook into trouble.
Sacha Baron Cohen tore into Mark Zuckerberg and Facebook over hate speech, violence, and political lies
Ajit Pais Plan Will Take Broadband Away From Poor People
Tesla misses insurance firms Safest Cars list because its EVs dont crash often enough
DuckDuckGo Traffic is Exploding
Bill Gates told Trump that being his science adviser is not a good use of my time.
#NetNeutrality: Supreme Court Hands Over a Major Victory for Open Internet Advocates
French workers win legal right to avoid checking work email out-of-hours
FCC Filings Overwhelmingly Support Net Neutrality Once Spam is Removed [Data Analysis]
The FCCs craven net neutrality vote announcement makes no mention of the 22 million comments filed
The FCC will soon vote to kill net neutrality. But Congress can stop them if they hear from constituents now.
US Sen. Ed Markey says mobile carriers' alleged throttling practices highlight need for 'net neutrality'
Surprise! NSA data will soon routinely be used for domestic policing that has nothing to do with terrorism
Amazon patents a noise-canceling headphone that automatically turns off when it detects certain sound patterns, frequencies or key words like a name.
Iran cuts off internet access in several cities as mass protests continue.
House approves Save the Internet Act that would reinstate net neutrality
Sens. Richard Burr (R) of North Carolina and Dianne Feinstein (D) of California should be stripped of their positions for introducing a bill that would endanger American digital security and privacy.
Mark Zuckerberg thinks AI fearmongering is bad. Elon Musk thinks Zuckerberg doesnt know what hes talking about.
FCC Sued For Ignoring FOIA Request Investigating Fraudulent Net Neutrality Comments
Swedish court: "We cannot ban Pirate Bay." In a landmark decision, a Swedish court on Friday ruled that the country's internet service providers cannot be forced to block controversial Swedish file-sharing site Pirate Bay.
Porn Companies Join The Fight For Net Neutrality: "Without [net neutrality], the cable and wireless companies that control internet access will have unfair power to pick winners and losers in the market," Corey Price, VP of Pornhub,
Adblock Plus bypasses Facebook's attempt to restrict ad blockers. "It took only two days to find a workaround."
Tennessee Could Give Taxpayers America's Fastest Internet For Free, But It Will Give Comcast and AT&T $45 Million Instead
Netflix will now interrupt series binges with video ads for its other series
Elon Musk: I can fix South Australia power network in 100 days or it's free
Elon Musk leads 116 experts calling for outright ban on killer robots - Open letter signed by Tesla chief and Googles Mustafa Suleyman urges UN to block use of lethal autonomous weapons to prevent third age of war
Before Hurricane Harvey, wireless carriers lobbied against upgrades to a national emergency alert system - A wonky debate at the FCC has real-life consequences, and public-safety officials arent happy
The FBI Says Its Malware Isnt Malware Because the FBI Is Good
Pirate Bay Founder "Will Wear Handcuffs" to Carry Father's Coffin "While the Pirate Bay founder will be allowed to attend the funeral, prison staff have told him he can expect to carry the coffin while wearing handcuffs. For someone convicted of copyright offenses with just 50 days sentence left .."
We ran 2 fake ads pretending to be Cambridge Analytica  and Facebook failed to catch that they were frauds
Social media, but not video games, linked to depression in teens, according to landmark Montreal study
AT&T promised lower prices after Time Warner mergerits raising them instead.
FCC commissioner: Net neutrality is doomed if were silent
The FCC is not addressing home data caps because "the number of consumer complaints regarding Usage Based Pricing by fixed providers appears to be small". Go increase the number! Link in comments.
Leaving Facebook Makes You Happier, less politically informed, more active in IRL activities, and less likely to go back to Facebook.
Spectrum allegedly throttled content providers Netflix and Riot Games for money. So much for that Net Neutrality rollback
Ajit Pai Refuses to Brief Lawmakers Over Phone-Tracking Scandal, Dubiously Blames Shutdown
US charges China's Huawei with fraud
TV anchor says live on-air 'Alexa, order me a dollhouse'  story on accidental Alexa order sets off Alexa-powered Echo boxes around San Diego on their own shopping sprees
Pokmon Go's success adds $7.5 billion to Nintendo's market value
Time Warner Cable hilariously claims that Google and Netflix are the real threats to net neutrality
It took seven miles to pull over a Tesla with a seemingly asleep driver - The driver was arrested for drunk driving.
Ajit Pais FCC lied about DDoS attack, ex-chairs statement indicates - Wheeler: There was no "coverup" of 2014 DDoS attack, because there was no DDoS.
Firefox now blocks auto playing audio and video
A former FCC senior official who issued false statements to reporters, claiming a cyberattack hobbled the agencys comment system in 2014 and that the ex-chairman ordered it kept quiet, is now backpedaling amid renewed scrutiny by U.S. lawmakers and a wholesale denial by the former chairman himself.
Five States Are Considering Bills to Legalize the 'Right to Repair' Electronics
Texans say voting machines are flipping selections to the other party
Germany to close all 84 of its coal-fired power plants, will rely primarily on renewable energy
Hey guys, Eric from Netflix, letting you know we're joining reddit and others for Internet Slowdown Day Sept. 10th to protect Net Neutrality.
Libraries are fighting to preserve your right to borrow e-books
Comcast Accused (Again) of Billing Fraud: "Comcast may have signed up more than half of all SPP subscribers without their consent," and in numerous instances charged customers for the SPP plan after telling them it was "free."
Trumps website is coded with a broken server error message that blames Obama
Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak says he's leaving Facebook
Apple CEO Tim Cook says monopolies aren't bad if they aren't abused
Warrantless US Spying Is Set to Expire Soon. Let It Die
The FCC ignored hundreds of thousands of net neutrality comments (proof)
As of July 1, 2015, citizens of Chicago who enjoy their Netflix, Spotify, Pandora, Amazon Prime, Xbox Live, and/or PlayStation Network subscriptions are now subject to the citys 9 percent Amusement Tax for the privilege.
Senate rejects Trumps rescue of Chinese firm ZTE
Facebook ordered to stop combining WhatsApp and Instagram data without consent in Germany
Net neutrality is officially dead. Now what? - The FCC has taken the final step in erasing the 2015 rules protecting the internet.
Tech firms like Google, Amazon push power companies toward solar and wind, a blow to coal
FCC commissioner broke the law by advocating for Trump, officials find
This 17-Year-Old Has Become Michigan's Leading Right to Repair Advocate - When Surya Raghavendran dropped his iPhone, he learned to repair it himself. Now he wants to protect that right for everyone in his home state of Michigan.
Just a reminder You already paid for High Speed Fiber Optic Infrastructure in the USA.
President Obama calls for net neutrality, demanding no blocking, no throttling, increased transparency, and no paid prioritization
Enough with the 'Actually, Electric Cars Pollute More' Bullshit Already
As net neutrality dies, one man wants to make Verizon pay for its sins
Mozilla files arguments against the FCC  latest step in fight to save net neutrality
Mozilla wins lawsuit against FCC. States allowed rights to set net neutrality laws
Sucking carbon dioxide from air is cheaper than scientists thought
Facebook Fined Just $645,000 in UK Over Cambridge Analytica Scandal, Money It Makes in Less Than 10 Minutes
Bezos and Musks satellite internet could save Americans $30B a year
New Verizon Ad Hopes To Make You Forget It Throttled Firefighters For No Reason
California State Assembly plans hearing on Verizon throttling of firefighters data
Google To Begin Alerting Users if Gmail Account is Targeted by Government
Britain just passed the "most extreme surveillance law ever passed in a democracy"
Boeing's 737 Max Software Outsourced to $9-an-Hour Engineers
Passcodes are protected by Fifth Amendment, says court
Broadband CEOs Admit Usage Caps Are Nothing More Than A Toll On Uncompetitive Markets
Michigan Lawmaker Flees Twitter After Reports Highlight She Helped AT&T Push Anti-Competition Broadband Law
The most striking thing about the WikiLeaks CIA data dump is how little most people cared
US finally prohibits ISPs from charging for routers they dont provide - Yes, we needed a law to ban rental fees for devices that customers own in full
FCC Pledges Openness  Just Don't Ask To See Complaints: "The FCC seems more concerned with helping Big Cable than living up to his promise."
After Attacking Random Hollywood Supporters Of Net Neutrality, Ajit Pai Attacks Internet Companies
Facebook confirms its standards dont apply to politicians
In 2020, Some Americans Will Vote On Their Phones. Is That The Future? - For decades, the cybersecurity community has had a consistent message: Mixing the Internet and voting is a horrendous idea.
Introducing the New Firefox: Firefox Quantum
'Shallow at Best and Ridiculous at Worst': Analysis Eviscerates FCC Chair's Arguments for Killing Net Neutrality
Internet companies too big? FTC chair says more than market share counts: we are spiraling towards a dystopian future where a few giant technology companies will ultimately gain sustained control over our economic lives.
The NRA Quadrupled Its Digital Ad Budget After Parkland Killings, Flooding Facebook and YouTube
Teen who defied anti-vax mom says she got false information from one source: Facebook
FBI Forced Twitter To Share User Data Without Legal Warrant, Company Reveals As Gag Orders Lifted
'Like you've been fired from your job': YouTubers have lost thousands of dollars after their channels were mistakenly demonetized for months
Congress votes to disallow consumers from suing Equifax and other companies with arbitration agreements.
Companies Cant Legally Void the Warranty for Jailbreaking or Rooting Your Phone
Ex-FCC Chair Tom Wheeler Dismantles The Case For Abandoning Net Neutrality - The Trump FCC is simply doing the bidding of Comcast, AT&T, Verizon, and Charter in its quest to abandon rules against blocking, slowing, or speeding internet traffic, Wheeler says.
Pornhub, Redtube and Youporn will be joining the net neutrality protest Sept 10th.
AT&T absurdly claims that most legitimate net neutrality comments favor repeal
US violated Constitution by searching phones for no good reason, judge rules -- ICE and Customs violated 4th Amendment with suspicionless searches, ruling says.
FCCs fast lane Internet plan threatens free exchange of ideas "Once a fast lane exists, it will become the de facto standard on the Web. Sites unwilling or unable to pay up will be buffered to death: unloadable, unwatchable and left out in the cold."
Senate chooses Wall Street over consumers, seniors, and service members - senators decided that consumers should lose the right to hold massive financial institutions like Wells Fargo and Equifax accountable.
U.S. government retires (read removes) detailed pollution map from internet - The loss of the tracker, supporters say, will inhibit public access to data on environmental hazards.
Bill Gates and investors worth $170 billion are launching a fund to fight climate change through energy innovation
Text messages show Boeing employees knew in 2016 of problems that turned deadly on the 737 Max
And Now, the Really Big Coal Plants Begin to Close: Old, small plants were the early retirees, but several of the biggest U.S. coal burnersand CO2 emitters-will be shuttered by years end
Google Fires 4 Workers Active in Labor Organizing
Elizabeth Warrens Facebook ad proves the social media giant still has a politics problem
The market has spoken  clean energy just became the cheapest source of electricity
One of the world's most important programmers, Linus Torvalds, says Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram are 'a disease'
U.S. Senate Bill Seeks to Ban Effective Encryption, Making Security Illegal
FCC says it was hit by a DDoS attack, but refuses to show any evidence
Here's how much money anti-net neutrality members of Congress have received from the telecom industry
Former Reddit CEO Yishan Wong's latest big reveal: Reddits board has been itching to purge hate-based subreddits since the beginning. And recently, the only thing stopping them had been... Ellen Pao. Whoops.
Company Bricks User's Software After He Posts A Negative Review
Democrats hit the gas on Net neutrality bill
As Google Ponders Making Ad Blockers Less Useful, Mozilla Ramps Up Tracker Blocking
Comcast and CenturyLink Spent $50K in Seattle to Support a Mayoral Candidate Who Opposes Community-Owned Internet
Facebook Facing Heavy Criticism After Removing Major Atheist Pages
Apple is reportedly removing apps that share your location data with third parties
Edward Snowden deserves a pardon at home, or else asylum in western Europe, for revealing truths that US lawmakers have recognised required a response.
Microsoft workers protest $480m HoloLens military deal: 'We did not sign up to develop weapons'
Taiwan flag emoji disappears from latest Apple iPhone keyboard
FCC falsely claims community broadband an 'ominous threat to the first amendment.'
Facebook employees react to the latest scandals: Why does our company suck at having a moral compass?
Apple: You can't sue us for slowing down your iPhones because you, er, invited us into, uh, your home... we can explain
We've got less than 24 hours left to protect net neutrality - There are few government regulations that are more popular than net neutrality rules. Now, they might be scrapped
Malware That Spits Cash Out of ATMs Has Spread Across the World
Apple is suing a man that teaches people to repair their Macbooks [ORIGINAL WORKING LINK]
Cops put GPS tracker on mans car, charge him with theft for removing it
A 28-year-old MIT graduate has created a leak-detecting robot that could eliminate some of the 2 trillion gallons of wasted drinking water annually
Big money is backing out of fossil fuel industry, moving into greener alternatives - follow the dollar to see where the future of energy is headed, globally.
Mark Zuckerberg has been holding off-the-record dinners with influential conservatives including Tucker Carlson and Lindsey Graham
FBI Director James Comey says 'absolute privacy' does not exist in the US
AVG anti virus just updated there privacy policy. it says that they can and will sell your browsing history to 3rd parties.
Is nuclear energy the key to saving the planet? A new generation of environmentalists is learning to stop worrying and love atomic power.
Motorola Becomes First Smartphone Company to Sell DIY Repair Kits to Its Customers
When Will We Stop Screwing Poor and Rural Americans on Broadband?
A review of 14,756 rides found Uber and Lyft taking a much bigger slice of drivers' fares than they say they do
Apple is going to sell its Apple TV service on Samsung TVs, because Apple wants to be a service company: Tim Cook cant just rely on Apple customers anymore  he needs to sell things to people who dont buy Apple products.
Samsung unveils worlds largest SSD with whopping 30TB of storage. Its the most memory ever crammed into a 2.5-inch form factor  enough to store 5,700 full HD movies
Nanobots kill off cancerous tumours as fiction becomes reality - Researchers inject tiny devices into the bloodstream to deliver drugs with precision
DEA tracked every opioid pill sold in the US. The data is outand its horrific
Ajit Pai seems really upset about the California net neutrality bill that passed with bipartisan support
Mark Zuckerberg leveraged Facebook user data to fight rivals and help friends, leaked documents show
Unless congress stops it, the FBI wants to mass-hack computers, especially targeting Tor and Bitcoin users
Robots should be fitted with an ethical black box to keep track of their decisions and enable them to explain their actions when accidents happen, researchers say.
DARPA Is Building a $10 Million, Open Source, Secure Voting System
ISPs say they cant expand broadband unless govt gives them more money: Industry asks for handouts, arguing that broadband is essentiallike a utility.
Hey, Just A Silly Thought: Maybe It's Time We Stop Letting Comcast And AT&T Write State Telecom Law?
Now Facebook is allowing anyone to look you up using your security phone number
UPS will start using Toyota's zero-emission hydrogen semi trucks
Verizon Throttles Netflix Subscribers In 'Test' It Doesn't Inform Customers About
Five Republicans have opposed the FCCs plan. We need to convince the rest of them.
Studies keep showing that the best way to stop piracy is to offer cheaper, better alternatives.
China 'launches an app that tells you if you are within 500 yards of someone in debt - and encourages you to report them if they seem capable of paying up'
Congress Is Trying to Stop Ajit Pai from Taking Broadband Assistance Away from the Poor: "The Lifeline program provides subsidized communications services to low-income Americans, many of whom rely on it as their only way to access the internet."
When it comes to political ads, it's time for Facebook and Google to be held to the same standards as ABC and CBS
Google has slowed down YouTube on Firefox and Edge according to Mozilla exec
KickassTorrents Brought Back to Life by Original Staffers
Facebook could face billion dollar fine for data breaches
Bill Gates warned against denying climate change and pushed for more innovation in clean energy, during an event Friday at Columbia University
NSA Inspector Who Criticized Snowden for Not Using 'Official' Channels Found Guilty of Retaliating Against Whistleblower Who Did Just That
The backlash that never happened: New data shows people actually increased their Facebook usage after the Cambridge Analytica scandal.
WPA3 Wi-Fi is here, and it's harder to hack - That's good, because the last update was during the George W. Bush administration.
Tesla's price shock: Solar + battery as cheap as grid power -... "The price per kWh stored and re-used has halved in less than a yea"
The US government underestimated solar energy installation in the US by 4,813%
Fukushima to be reborn as $2.7bn wind and solar power hub - Twenty-one plants and new power grid to supply Tokyo metropolitan area
GOP leader accuses Twitter of censoring conservatives, finds out his user settings was hiding tweets
Airport police demanded activists passwords. He refused. Now faces prison in UK
Pirate bay founders acquitted in criminal copyright case
California passes law that prevents cities from taxing energy generated by solar rooftop projects
As Hong Kong protesters switch to Telegram to protect identities, China launches massive cyber attack against it.
Google wants to make wireless networks that will free you from AT&T and Verizons data caps
Thousands of ships fitted with cheat devices to divert poisonous pollution into sea
Stop treating tech jerks like gods
Republican tax plan kills electric vehicle credit
Hong Kong Protestors Using Mesh Messaging App China Can't Block: Usage Up 3685% - [Forbes]
North Korea accidentally leaks DNS for .kp: only 28 domains
Samsung Phone Users Perturbed to Find They Can't Delete Facebook
Reddit Admits Its Front Page Is Broken, Is Working on an Entirely New Algorithm
This Western Mass. town rejected Comcast and built its own broadband network - The Boston Globe
HBO is now seriously considering whether to offer HBO Go without cable TV
China banned 23 million people with poor social credit from transportation in 2018
Chinas first fully homegrown web browser found to be Google Chrome clone
TikTok's catastrophic handling of a teen who posted anti-China videos shows it is almost impossible to run a viral platform while following China's rules
All major U.S. carriers give your real-time location info to third parties
AT&T more than doubles admin fee for every wireless customer | Increase will net telecom giant $800 million a year
Instagram ranked worst social network for young people's mental health
San Francisco proposal would ban government facial recognition use in the city
Trump Officials Tried To Rush Nuclear Technology To Saudis, House Panel Finds
Netflix Now Allows You to Download Content for Offline Viewing
Cord Cutting Is The Obvious Result Of A 70% Spike In Cable TV Prices Since 2000
Court rejects FCC request to delay net neutrality case
No, Google, We Did Not Consent to This - The company knew about a privacy glitch and kept quiet. That has to stop.
1 in 5 companies say China stole their IP within the last year
PornHub is crowdfunding $3.4M to shoot a sex tape in space
US utilities seek sun as Trump sides with coal, fossil fuels | Solar growth is so extensive and has so much momentum behind it that we're at the point where you can't put the genie back in the bottle," said Jeffrey R.S. Brownson, a Pennsylvania State University professor who studies solar adoption
The TPP is the Most Brazen Corporate Power Grab in American History: It's worst than any of us feared
The FCC Has Fined Robocallers $208 Million. Its Collected $6,790.
Comcast Hit with $9.1M Penalty in Washington State for Bogus Service Protection Plan Billing
Germany Considers Fining Facebook $522,000 Per Fake News Item
There's A Blizzard Boycott Movement After A "Hearthstone" Player Was Suspended For Supporting Hong Kong Protesters
Reddit brings down North Korea's entire internet after links to country's 28 websites are posted online
Please dont take broadband away from poor people, Democrats tell FCC chair
Hacker says he'll livestream deletion of Zuckerberg's Facebook page
Google Fiber Scales Back TV Service To Focus Solely On High-Speed Internet
Poland has now officially filed a complaint against the European Union's 'upload filter'
Now that CISA has passed, here are some tips to protect your Privacy, Anonymity, and Security (x-post from /r/YouShouldKnow)
Anheuser-Busch orders 40 Tesla trucks
British Police Identify Two Russian Suspects in Novichok Poisonings Using Facial Recognition Tech
Donald Trump wants to close up the Internet, saying "We have to go see Bill Gates, to better understand the Internet and then possibly close it up.Were losing a lot of people because of the Internet.
Apples China stance makes for strange political alliances, as AOC and Ted Cruz slam the company
80 percent of mass shooters showed no interest in video games, researcher says
Senate bill to reverse net neutrality repeal gains 30th co-sponsor, ensuring floor vote
UK Police drone finds girl, 16, who called 999 to report rape - The force said the thermal drone was used to find the girl and guide officers to her within minutes.
The FCC Disqualified a Bunch of Rural Communities from Receiving Internet Funding After Big Telecom Said They Already Have Internet
Here Are the 50 GOP Senators Who Just Sacrificed Your #BroadbandPrivacy to Corporate Profits: 'Extremely disappointing that the Senate voted today to sacrifice the privacy rights of Americans in the interest of protecting the profits of major internet companies'
'Zuckerberg Must Resign Now': Outrage After Report Shows Facebook Let Corporate Partners Read Users' Private Messages
Racist Daily Stormer moves to Russian domain after losing .com address
CenturyLink blocked its customers Internet access in order to show an ad - Utah customers were booted offline until they acknowledged security software ad.
Low Barr: Don't give me that crap about security, just put the backdoors in the encryption, roars US Attorney General
Americans Should Have More Control Over Their Data - In Europe, internet users will soon get to decide how their online activity is tracked. The U.S. should follow suit.
Apple CEO: We Will Take This iPhone Case to the Supreme Court
Everything you've ever said to Siri/Cortana has been recorded...and I get to listen to it.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is attempting to suppress information about a massive database which contains fingerprints, palm prints, iris, voice, and face scans, as well as other biometric data, of millions of Americans.
Major DNA testing company sharing genetic data with the FBI
Facebook Is the Least Trusted Major Tech Company When it Comes to Safeguarding Personal Data, Poll Finds
400 college professors say consumers should be able to sue Equifax and other financial institutions - The professors sent a letter to senators protesting mandatory arbitration clauses
The White House has drafted an executive order for President Donald Trumps signature that would instruct federal antitrust and law enforcement agencies to open investigations into the business practices of Alphabet Inc.s Google, Facebook Inc. and other social media companies.
71% Want The Dark Net Shut Down, Showing Most Have No Idea What The Dark Net Is
NYPD caught red-handed sanitizing police brutality Wikipedia entries
ISPs lied to Congress to spread confusion about encrypted DNS, Mozilla says
Scientific Research Shouldn't Sit behind a Paywall - The public pays taxes to support research; they should be able to access the results
Yes, the FCC repeal entered the Federal Register today, but that does NOT mean net neutrality is dead. We now have 60 legislative days to overrule the FCC using the Congressional Review Act, and theres a massive online protest planned this Tuesday.
Barr says the US needs encryption backdoors to prevent going dark. Um, what?
London police chief completely comfortable using facial recognition with 98 percent false positive rate
IT'S OFFICIAL: IBM is acquiring software company Red Hat for $34 billion
Sony hack is potentially the worst in history. 100 TB stolen, including unreleased movies & scripts, medical records, 3800 SSNs, etc.
Google buys Fitbit for $2.1 billion
Longest Tunnel in the World Opened Today: 57 km from Switzerland to Italy underneath Alps; Took 17 Years to Build.
Facebook should ban campaign ads. End the lies.
The NSA literally deleted 'trust' and 'honesty' from its core values
Credibility and trust: Microsoft blows it by forcing Windows 10 on users
Ford follows Teslas lead and opens all their electric vehicle patents
Victory: Pennsylvania Supreme Court Rules Police Cant Force You to Tell Them Your Password
Dear FCC: Destroying net neutrality is not "Restoring Internet Freedom"
Sony Finally Admits It Doesnt Own Bach and It Only Took Public Pressure
Apple fans are returning their new MacBook Pros that cost a minimum of $2,800 because they can't reach the advertised speeds
Farmers Are Buying 40-Year-Old Tractors Because They're Actually Repairable
Bring back the headphone jack: Why USB-C audio still doesn't work
Surprise, surprise. Here comes Big Cable to slay another rule that helps small ISPs compete
Cloudflare to terminate service for 8Chan
Adblock Plus says Facebook's decision to block ad blockers is 'anti-user'
Ohio just passed the worst energy bill of the 21st century - A corrupt bailout for dinosaur power plants that screws renewable energy in the process.
FCC should retain net neutrality for sake of consumers
Reddit is now censoring posts and communities on a country-by-country basis
Microsoft faces two new lawsuits over aggressive Windows 10 upgrade tactics
Ajit Pai gets new term on FCC despite protest of anti-net neutrality plan
Apple is about to report $250 billion in the bank, keeps 93 percent offshore
Huge coalition forms to kill the Comcast-TWC merger for good
EA Received A Guinness World Record For Most Downvoted Comment In Reddit History
Fresh Cambridge Analytica leak shows global manipulation is out of control - Companys work in 68 countries laid bare with release of more than 100,000 documents
Investigation of fake net neutrality foes has been stymied by the FCC, New York attorney general says
A year later, Equifax lost your data but faced little fallout
CCleaner Compromised to Distribute Malware for Almost a Month
Household appliances will become easier to repair thanks to new standards being adopted across the European Union. From 2021, firms will have to make appliances longer-lasting, and they will have to supply spare parts for machines for up to 10 years.
Amazon, Google, Apple under pressure to remove NRA streaming channel
San Jose mayor says hes quitting FCC broadband committee because Big Telecom is running it.
After a Year, Equifax Remains Largely Unfazed by Historic Breach -- Despite a breach that exposed the personal data of more than 147 million Americans, the company has yet to face a government-imposed financial punishment
Trump Could Spell Big Trouble for Broadband, Net Neutrality: 'Trump has made it clear he vehemently opposes net neutrality, despite repeatedly making it clear he's not entirely certain what net neutrality even is.'
China Considers Ban On Cryptocurrency Mining Because It's A Stupid Waste Of Energy
Chrome 57 will throttle background tabs to save energy (Finally...)
Apple will take a rare shareholder grilling about free speech after it removed a map app used by Hong Kong protesters
Chinas new social credit system is an dystopian nightmare
Fire dept rejects Verizons customer support mistake excuse for throttling
Revealed: Amazon employees are left to suffer after workplace injuries - Amazon made its CEO is the wealthiest person in the world. So why cant the company care for those injured while working there?
A Google engineer spent months reviewing bad USB cables on Amazon until he forced the site to ban them
Tesla plans to disconnect almost all Superchargers from the grid and go solar+battery
Americas doctors warn Google, Twitter, and Facebook: Anti-vaxxers are weaponizing tech platforms, prompting outbreaks that can 'debilitate and kill'
U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham, who is currently on the Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology and the Law admits on Meet the Press that he has never sent an email in his life.
Uber loses $900 million in second quarter; urged by investors to sell off self-driving division
Mueller report: Russia hacked state databases and voting machine companies - Russian intelligence officers injected malicious SQL code and then ran commands to extract information
FBI will stop taking FOIA (Freedom Of Information Act) Requests by email. Recommends Faxing or sending a letter.
Apple CEO Tim Cook urges college grads to 'push back' against algorithms that promote the 'things you already know, believe, or like'
Time Warner Cable is About to be Sued for Violating Net Neutrality Rules and Holding Traffic for Ransom
Court Orders FCC To Hand Over Data On Bogus Net Neutrality Comments
Did Apple retail prices get too high in 2018? Consumers say way yes.
Study: Netflix is the least-cancelled of all the major streaming services (Because it doesn't have advertisements)
Trump Sets Sights on Net Neutrality Rules Next, Spicer Says
Comcast should be investigated for antitrust violations, say small cable companies
NHS told to ditch 'absurd' fax machines - The NHS will be banned from buying fax machines from next month - and has been told by the government to phase out the machines entirely by 31 March 2020.
Google's Sundar Pichai says privacy can't be a 'luxury good' - "Privacy cannot be a luxury good offered only to people who can afford to buy premium products and services. Privacy must be equally available to everyone in the world."
A self-driving truck delivered butter from California to Pennsylvania in three days, in what appears to be the first commercial freight cross-country trip by an autonomous truck
Google says there was a large spike in searches for Irish passport applications as news broke
A group of Google employees spent their '20% time' making Google Maps wheelchair-friendly
Lenovo caught pre-installing spyware on its laptops yet again
The Site That Teaches You to Code Well Enough to Get a Job
"Members of Congressmost of whom cant secure their own websites, and some of whom dont even use emailare trying to force a dangerous 'cybersecurity' bill down the publics throat. Everyones privacy is in the hands of people who, by all indications, have no idea what theyre talking about."
The Internet Slowdown was a huge success! Over 300,000 calls and 2,000,000 e-mails were sent to Congress. Here's an infographic on what happened.
Teen Security Researcher Suspended for Exposing Vulnerabilities in His Schools Software
Apple just had its first annual revenue decline since 2001
Republican Intros Bill That Would Turn Net Neutrality Into Law
New bill could finally get rid of paperless voting machines - The bill reads like a computer security experts wish list.
Scientists Likely Found Way To Grow New Teeth For Patients - Scientists believe that they might have found a way to regrow lost or damaged teeth through the use of stem cell technology and bioengineering
Heres How To Plug One Of The Biggest Privacy Holes In The Internet - An upgrade to DNS, the internets address book, would make it harder for ISPs to know where you surf, and for hackers to hijack your traffic.
Tech writer suggests '10 Year Challenge' may be collecting data for facial recognition algorithm
Mark Zuckerbergs manifesto is a political trainwreck: Zuckerberg hopes to create what he calls a "global community" by essentially gerrymandering the Internet.
Illinois poised to ban geolocation tracking without consent
Adblock Plus now sells ads
Apple will start paying $16 billion in back taxes to Ireland
Amazon employee on relentless working conditions - Nearly every person I worked with, I saw cry at their desk.
Forget fears of automation, your job is probably bullshit anyway - A subversive new book argues that many of us are working in meaningless bullshit jobs. Let automation continue and liberate people through universal basic income
Court: Cops Need a Warrant to Open Your Phone, Even Just to Look at the Screen
Comcast hopes you dont notice its twice as expensive in non-Google Fiber markets
Tesla made more money last quarter than the entire US oil industry made last year
Microsoft to acquire LinkedIn for $26.2 billion
If the Reddit admins don't want this on /r/blog, then let's embrace it here. Let's give calling the FCC another go. We are nearing the home stretch for net neutrality at the FCC.
24 people have now been sentenced in India-based phone-scam case
Senator proposes strict Do Not Track rules in new bill: People are fed up with Big Techs privacy abuses
An Attack on Net Neutrality Is an Attack on Free Speech
Netflix plans to create Netflix global, removing geo-blocking and allowing all customers access to all content. "The key thing about piracy is that some fraction of it is because [users] couldnt get the content. That part we can fix"
FCC Republicans vow to gut net neutrality rules as soon as possible
This ISP Is Offering a 'Fast Lane' for Gamers...For $15 More Per Month - Priority routing services like Cox Communication's 'Elite Gamer' offer are usually a mixed bag, and in many instances provide no discernible benefit at all.
Sen. Franken asks AT&T to prove Time Warner merger is good for customers
Elon Musk receives FCC approval to launch over 7,500 satellites into space
Stop using the Hola VPN right now. The company behind Hola is turning your computer into a node on a botnet, and selling your network to anyone who is willing to pay.
Net Neutrality Is in Danger. Tell the FCC Why We Need It
Tom Wheeler defends Title II rules, accuses Pai of helping monopolists
Facebook Says a Clear History Tool Will Hurt Its Advertising Business. Good.
A congresswoman dared Mark Zuckerberg to spend an hour a day policing the same 'murders, stabbings, suicides, other gruesome, disgusting videos' as Facebook's moderators. He declined.
In an extremely rare move, Apple admits its current mac pro design was a mistake. Reveals they are working on a fully modular Mac Pro, to be released next year.
Underpaid and exhausted: the human cost of your Kindle - In the Chinese city of Hengyang, we find a fatigued, disposable workforce assembling gadgets for Amazon, owned by the worlds richest man.
AT&T's Estimated Payment to Trump's Lawyer Rises to $600,000 as Investigations Ramp Up
Verizon to stop honoring FCC restriction on not SIM-locking phones because nothing matters anymore
Bernie Sanders Says Internet Service Should be a Human Right
FTC Says Unlimited Data With Throttling Doesnt Count as Unlimited
Alcohol breath tests, a linchpin of the criminal justice system, are often unreliable
Amazon won't say if it hands your Echo data to the government - The retail, cloud, and device giant stands as the least transparent of transparent tech companies.
The IRS is using the same authentication system that was hacked last year to protect the victims of that hack--and it's just been hacked
Senators ask FCC why reporter was manhandled after net neutrality vote
Google is trying to patent use of a data compression algorithm that the real inventor had already dedicated to the public domain. This week, the U.S. Patent Office issued a non-final rejection of all claims in Googles application.
#deletefacebook
China uncovers massive underground network of Apple employees selling customers' personal data
Analysis Reveals That Worlds Largest Battery Saved South Australia $8.9 Million In 6 Months
Miami Man Fined $120 Million for Making 96 Million Robocalls in Three Months
Leak of Comcast documents detailing the coming data caps and what you'll be told when you call in about it.
Governments around the world shut down the internet more than 50 times in 2016  suppressing elections, slowing economies and limiting free speech
The World's Largest Ocean Cleanup Has Officially Begun
Twitter users are escaping online hate by switching profiles to Germany, where Nazism is illegal
An ex-YouTube recruiter claims Google discriminated against white and Asian men, then deleted the evidence
Playing video games may increase your brain's gray matter and improve how it communicates
Bitcoin backlash as miners suck up electricity, stress power grids in Central Washington
China Is Forcing Tourists to Install Text-Stealing Malware at its Border - VICE
Report: Equifax lost even more information on consumers than it told the public.
Elon Musk says people should receive a universal income once robots take their jobs: 'People will have time to do other things, more complex things, more interesting things'
Justice Department says attempts to prevent Netflix from Oscars eligibility could violate antitrust law
Proposed legislation in California would require Internet service providers to let customers cancel online, potentially ending the scourge of long, awkward cancellation phone calls.
Paris attackers used real names, real IDs, and unencrypted, simple messaging to make plans.
Sen. Wyden Slams Pai on Senate Floor - Says FCC chair is on side of 'big cable'
FCC Commissioner Slams Her Own Agency for Policies 'Custom-Built' to Favor Sinclair-Tribune Merger
Report: 26 States Now Ban or Restrict Community Broadband - Many of the laws restricting local voters rights were directly written by a telecom sector terrified of real broadband competition.
Google refused to call out China over disinformation about Hong Kong  unlike Facebook and Twitter  and it could reignite criticism of its links to Beijing
"Facebook decided that the best thing to do after the Cambridge Analytica scandal was to ask its users to hand over access to their humiliating pick-up lines, their sexual fetishes, and, inevitably, their nudes."
Gov. Polis is about to sign a Colorado net neutrality bill  one with some serious teeth: Colorado's open internet bill would punish internet-providing violators by taking their grant money away
Ending net neutrality would be disastrous for everyone
FFTF Calls For Net Neutrality Reversal Due To Fake Comments
Comcast fined $2.3 million for mischarging customers
Anti-vaxx 'mobs': doctors face harassment campaigns on Facebook - Medical experts who counter misinformation are weathering coordinated attacks. Now some are fighting back
New York Attorney General Subpoenas Industry Groups, Lobbyists Over Fake Net Neutrality Comments
Apple will move its entire international iTunes business to Ireland. International HQ will move from one tax haven to another.
56% Would Drop ESPN In A Heartbeat If It Meant Saving $8 A Month On Cable
Apple cuts cookies  but there is more to come in the online advertising arms race: Apples latest software update has enraged companies who have been using cookies to track users across the web
Wall Street Still Annoyed That Competition Forced Wireless Carriers To Bring Back Unlimited Data Plans
Facebook finally caught buying out developers for Oculus Exclusivity, despite claims to the contrary
Verizon and AT&T accused of selling your phone number and location to almost anyone
Time Warner Cable sued by New York on behalf of League of Legends, Netflix customers
The first pirate politician in power - many Icelandic voters have rallied around a radical, technology-focused left-wing party that champions political transparency, free health care and new measures to protect digital privacy.
300+ Trump ads taken down by Google, YouTube
Firm That Helped FBI Break Into San Bernardino iPhone Gets Hacked, Tools Leaked Online
Tesla sues oil executive who impersonated Elon Musk to get info from the company.
Blizzard lost a big sponsor after the Hong Kong outcry: Mitsubishi - Blizzard lost the trust of its fans, and some money too
Microsoft now puts ads in Windows 10 File Explorer, because of course
Orlando Shooting Response Shows Reddit Can't Be the Front Page of the Internet'
Google confirms it wants to be a wireless carrier.
A 16-Year-Old Hacked Apple Servers And Stored Data In Folder Named 'hacky hack hack'
Fake Amazon Alexa Setup App Climbs Its Way To Apple's App Store Charts
Bangladesh shuts down mobile internet to tackle teen protests
One year after President Trumps election, these 11 science and tech posts in government are still lacking leaders. Some of the jobs  like overseeing self-driving cars  have no nominees at all.
Wind is outpacing coal as a power source in Texas for the first time
The U.K. and France Are Thumbing Their Noses at the U.S. Over Net Neutrality Repeal - the U.K. and France said Friday: ... we wish to restate our commitment and support for the principle of net neutrality, which promotes a free and open internet.
26 U.S. states ban or restrict local broadband initiatives - Why compete when you can ban competitors?
Netflix pushes FCC to scrap rules blocking cities from building their own high-speed internet services
I'm becoming scared of Facebook.
House Democrats Will Introduce 'Save the Internet Act' to Restore Net Neutrality This Week
Tesla logs show that Model X driver hit the accelerator, Autopilot didnt crash into building on its own
Twitter considering labeling Trump tweets that violate rules
A Redditor Archived Nearly 2 Million Gigabytes of Porn to Test Amazons Unlimited Cloud Storage
Before praising Sony for "free speech" remember for the past two weeks they've attempted to censor Twitter, threatened journalists reporting on public info, and secretly planned to use state governments to block all sorts of websites.
Rand Paul has began his filibuster for the patriot act renewal
No Company Is So Important Its Existence Justifies Setting Up a Police State
Elon Musk's big battery brings reality crashing into a post-truth world. For months, politicians and fossil fuel industry have lied about the viability of renewables. Now Teslas big battery in South Australia will prove them wrong.
Facebook hit with class action lawsuit over collection of texts and call logs - Plaintiffs claim social networks scraping of information including call recipients and duration violates privacy and competition law
A deepfake pioneer says 'perfectly real' manipulated videos are just 6 months away
The Saudi government is hunting down women who flee the country by tracking the IMEI number on their cellphones
Ajit Pai Is Twisting the Meaning of the Open Internet - Dont be fooled by the FCC chairmans Orwellian argument justifying the repeal of net neutrality.
"Officials are wasting no time in attempting to exploit the tragedy in Paris to pass invasive anti-privacy laws and acquire extraordinary new powers that they have wanted for years. In the process, they are making incredibly dishonest arguments & are receiving virtually no pushback from the media."
Set up a VPN in 10 minutes for freeand yes, Americans urgently need one, thanks to Congress
Facebook lost around 2.8 million U.S. users under 25 last year. 2018 wont be much better.
Four years ago, an art historian used lasers to digitally map Notre Dame Cathedral. His work could help save it
The first African winner in Google's annual coding competition is a Cameroonian kid who had to travel 370km from home, because the government has cut off his hometown from the internet
Pirate Bay Founder Finally Free After Three Years
America desperately needs fiber internet, and the tech giants wont save us - Harvards Susan Crawford explains why we shouldnt expect Google to fix slow internet speeds in the US.
Trump reportedly still uses an unsecured iPhone, and China and Russia are listening in
Facebook Users Becoming Less Satisfied and Using the Service Less; "People are tired of being bombarded with political posts from their friends and the pages they follow"
The FCC Says Your City Can Build a Public Internet, Even If Your State Says No
Apple Sued an Independent iPhone Repair Shop Owner from Norway and Lost
SpaceX successfully lands Falcon 9 booster for the first time, paving the road for reusable rockets
The 'Right to Repair' Movement Is Gaining Ground and Could Hit Manufacturers Hard - The EU and at least 18 U.S. states are considering proposals that address the impact of planned obsolescence by making household goods sturdier and easier to mend.
Exclusive: Amazon rolls out machines that pack orders and replace jobs
A self-driving semi truck just made its first cross-country trip
World Wide Web inventor lashes out at Internet fast lanes: Its bribery. "Berners-Lee said that system is now in danger from ISPs who stand to amass too much power over what was intentionally built as a decentralized network  one where no single actor could dictate outcomes to everyone else."
John Hodgman: The government should be laying down broadband like Eisenhower laid down interstates. And I believe preferential fast-laning for big companies will decrease competition and quality ..."
Googles attempt to shut down a unionization meeting just riled up its employees.
Lone DNC Hacker Guccifer 2.0 Slipped Up and Revealed He Was a Russian Intelligence Officer
China threatens to cut sales of iPhones and US cars if 'naive' Trump pursues trade war
Playboy deletes its Facebook accounts
Apple's New Proprietary Software Locks Kill Independent Repair on New MacBook Pros - Failure to run Apple's proprietary diagnostic software after a repair "will result in an inoperative system and an incomplete repair."
f Net Neutrality Dies, Comcast Can Just Block A Protest Site Instead Of Sending A Bogus Cease-And-Desist
Game studios would be banned from selling loot boxes to minors under new bill
After Microsoft complaints, Indian police arrest tech support scammers at 26 call centers
Federal Judge Rules FBI Cannot Hide Use of Social Media Surveillance Tools
YouTube pressured to ban Chinese state media ads that spread misinformation about protesters
Pentagon testing mass surveillance balloons across the U.S.
Apple will automatically share a user's location with emergency services when they call 911
Senate report: Equifax neglected cybersecurity for years
The GOP Is Trying to Nuke Net Neutrality With a Budget Bill Sneak Attack
Amazon sells 'autism cure' books that suggest children drink toxic, bleach-like substances
Google has spent a record amount on Washington lobbyists as it pushes to maintain net neutrality.
Sending in our nude photos to fight revenge porn? No thanks, Facebook. Rather than trusting a private corporation, lets just enforce existing laws supposed to protect us from harassment and abuse  in person or online
Dear Mr Zuckerberg: the problem isn't the internet, it's Facebook - Driven by a set of ideals and some clever code, you built a money machine that has accumulated remarkable influence
Time Warner signs me up for a 2 year promotion. Changes it after 1 year. Says "It's still a 2 year promotion it just increased a little" and thinks that's ok. This is why the merger can't happen.
Despite promises to stop, US cell carriers are still selling your real-time phone location data
Voting Machine Makers Claim The Names Of The Entities That Own Them Are Trade Secrets
Over 800 cryptocurrencies are now dead as bitcoin is 70 percent off its record high
Democrats Close to Forcing Vote on Net Neutrality
This isnt hype: Canadian doctors just reversed severe MS using stem cells
President Obama Demands Critics Tell Him What's Wrong With TPP; Of Course We Can't Do That Because He Won't Show Us The Agreement
Mark Zuckerberg wanted Facebook to change the world. And it has  but not for the better: Facebook, Twitter and Googles YouTube have become the digital arms dealers of the modern age.
AT&T funded democrats in California just eviscerated the best net neutrality bill in the country
More than 10,000 problems fixed through Improve Detroit cell phone app -- "allows users to easily alert city hall to potholes, illegal dumping sites, abandoned cars, water main breaks, busted traffic signals and broken hydrants"
60 Amazon Workers Walked Out Over Warehouse Working Conditions - They are asking for better pay on the night shift and better working conditions. It's the second work stoppage at a Minnesota fulfillment center in the last two months.
U.S. declines in internet freedom rankings, thanks to net neutrality repeal and fake news
Comcast Sued For Misleading, Hidden Fees
Today, the FCC votes on the fate of net neutrality
Researchers Make BitTorrent Anonymous and Impossible to Shut Down
Huawei cloning Apple parts, rewarding employees for tech theft
Apple's $1,000 iPhones are turning it into a luxury brand  and it could lose a whole generation of customers
Google was required to delete a link to a factually accurate BBC article about Stan O'Neal, the former CEO of Merrill Lynch.
YouTube Says Goodbye to Flash, HTML5 Is Now Default
Act Immediately to Stop Congresss Sneaky Move to Shut Down Broadband Competition (X-Post /r/news)
