Taken with a phone out of my hotel window in Venice... and no boats!
I just hiked part of the Tiger Leaping Gorge in Yunnan, China. This is the view from the dorm room at the Halfway House, which is by far the best hostel view I have ever seen.
Wife and I hate big social events and love traveling. So rather than a normal wedding, traveled to Switzerland and did our vows in private. Photo from the day
The exact moment I took a step too close to the border between North and South Korea and got a push on the butt from two NK soldiers. What's your favorite travel photo of yourself?
Splurged on a hotel in Patagonia
Wandering around Kyoto at night
First view of Lauterbrunnen Valley from the train. Everyone gasped.
I heard this place had stunning views but I just wasn't prepared for this. My Jaw dropped. Lauterbrunnen, Switzerland
Went to the top of the Eiffel Tower and there just happened to be a rainbow over Paris
If you're on a road trip in California the next month or so, check out what the rain has done to the desert.
Exploring the Italian Alps in my Fiat 500
Currently on month 5 during my solo-worldtrip. Shot this picture in the Himalayas of Nepal yesterday.
The most incredible border between Vietnam & China
Not as exotic as most destinations posted here, but still just as beautiful - Seven Sisters, UK
Bali, Indonesia GIF
My $2 room view in Ghorepani, Nepal.
One of my favorite pics from Kyoto, Japan. Felt like a scene from Lord of the Rings.
We stayed overnight on Miyajima, a little shrine island near Hiroshima, Japan. Though the late-night scene is a little sleepy, the whole place looks right out of Spirited Away.
This bridge turned 300 years old in 2017! No wonder the village of Carrbridge, Scotland is named after it.
Just got back from driving 35,000 kilometres across North America over 6 months. Here are some highlights.
New Mexico/Colorado border.
If you were paragliding in the Lauterbrunnen Valley today I may have snapped your picture!
I visited in Mosul, Iraq (I'm just a normal traveler)
First time Athens today and definitely fell in love with this city
The view outside the door in my Airbnb on the Isle of Skye, our closest neighbor is half a mile away.
I rarely see pics of Africa here. So here a kind reminder of how beautiful the continent is. This photo was taken in Uganda.
How not to be a tourist 101. As a Canadian I am ashamed and embarrassed. Don't be like these guys.
Train ride into Lungren, Switzerland
Took a trip to Germany this summer. Rothenburg was definitely a place to remember...
My first view of Switzerland from the train.
After 4 days of trekking over the Salkantay pass to get to Machu Picchu, I woke up around 3:30 am to try to get there before the rest of the tourists. 100% worth it for seeing the sunrise alone.
My favorite meal in Germany - Lunch in the Bavarian Alps
View from my bed in an AirBNB in Beatenberg, Switzerland
5am in Prague
Over the years I've posted quite a bit of pics here, from my travels to Asia. I thought it fitting with my love of travel to propose to my favorite travel buddy while on a trip in Hakone, Japan. She said yes :)
After seeing a video on YouTube, my wife promised shed take me to an alpine slide in Switzerland one day. Today we rode one in Kandersteg, Switzerland! It was only $5/ride.
My amazing private villa in Ubud, Bali, Indonesia for $28
I went to North Korea in 2016 and took this picture from the top of the Juche Tower in Pyongyang
The Serengeti absolutely blew my mind away
Morning hike on the island of Capri
Would you believe me if I told you this was Iraq?
My POV from the peak of Montana Machu Picchu
I recently visited North Korea. This is the country's main highway during rush hour.
I broke out of my comfort zone and explored London solo. Its not much to some, but it was one of my happiest moments.
Just another roadside attraction!!! Ltefossen, Norway. (OC)
Pic I took of a suspension bridge in the mountains of Wakayama, Japan
Our Airbnb balcony in Catalan (everything on the table is local, costing less than 10euros collectively, including jamon iberico)
Milan - Prettiest shopping centre in the world?
Went to Edinburgh and it was amazing. The architecture of the buildings was mind blowing.
My "land before time" experience at Angels Landing
Every day I was in Cappadocia, Turkey I woke up at 4:30 AM to sip coffee and watch the sunrise. Never did disappoint.
Delta.com Unethically Increases Price By 10% After Final Payment Screen
Proposed to my best friend in Chefchaouen, Morocco. Her brother caught the moment perfectly!
French Air Force Fly-past for Bastille Day
A quintessentially Edinburgh picture with my 2 favourite buildings
Duomo di Milano. The greatest building I've seen in person.
The overnight train from Bangkok to Chiang Mai
A medieval arch and aqueduct in Perugia, Italy. [OC]
It's forecast to be really hot in Prague today, so we decided to get all of our sightseeing out of the way between 5:30 and 7:30 this morning. Couldn't have made a better decision.
The first and last photo of my trip.
My two travel journals.
Morning walk to the bakery in Thann / France
Colmar, France. In the Litte Venice neighborhood.
Cycling through Yangshuo was definitely a highlight for us in China.
Barcelona has many amazing views but i suggest this one from the rooftop bar across from the cathedral.
Breakfast with a view of the Taj Mahal
My favorite part of Tokyo was just wandering the alleys.
I got a room for $25 and was the only one here - Ao Nang, Thailand.
Taking off from Gibraltar and seeing Morocco in the distance [OC]
Impressive monument to peace, in Stavanger, Norway
View of the Great Pyramids of Giza from the rooftop terrace of my AirBnb
Hiking in Patagonia while the sun set over Fitz Roy
Yesterday's sunset from Xingping, China absolutely blew my mind. I would 1000% recommend staying a night in the town just to see this view in real life. The city is only 20mins (via bullet train) south of Guilin.
Delta pilot on Reddit as we board
Breathtaking view from my hot air balloon ride today in Greme, Turkey.
Espresso on the banks of Lake Como
Took my girlfriend on her first proper hike last week. Were already planning our next one! Day one of the Salkantay trek before we went over the pass.
Seville, Spain.
My childhood dream of seeing Machu Picchu has finally come true.
Slovenia is a Beautiful place to hike in the summer
Plaza de Espaa, Seville.
The best view of the Louvre isnt the Mona Lisa
Onsen in rural Japan. Straight out of Studio Ghibli anime!
Venice truly does not disappoint... especially at dusk
Hiking in Svaneti, Georgia.
The ancient city of Petra, Jordan
One of the most beautiful cities I have visited. Porto, Portugal
2 miles into a 4 mile hike in Kauai
I think I got pretty lucky with this photo of Machu Picchu.
Went on a hike in Grindelwald, Switzerland
Petra is one of those places where photos really dont do reality justice, but this was one of my best efforts from today
Earlier this year, my brother and I bought a car in Georgia and spent 100 days driving across all of Central Asia. It was the most epic trip i've ever done. Here is Caspar(our car) on the Roof of the World, the Pamir Highway. [More in comments]
Turned a corner in Venice and ended up in a painting
Christmas in the fairytale town of Bruges, Belgium
Highway 50 up to Lake Tahoe, California
I took an early morning hot air balloon ride over the pyramids of Teotihuacn Mexico and it was breathtaking. View of pyramid of the sun and pyramid of the moon.
Hiked to an altitude of 16,000 ft. Kedartal Lake, Uttarakhand, India.
Landed in Berlin yesterday. Stopped for a quick drink in the park.
Edinburgh - Scotland 
Colorful steps leading to Batu caves, Malaysia
Walking towards the Blue Mosque, a jewel in Istanbul's crown
A lit up Westminster Abbey in London tonight
I, too, went to Lake Bled
Visited Srvgsvatn in the Faroe Islands and proceeded to have my socks knocked off.
In Golden Gai, Tokyo, there's thousands of bars that seat 4-6 people tops, mostly locals. I found one where the locals didn't mind cuddling with a stranger.
I made my Reddit pilgrimage to Lauterbrunnen
I spent last Christmas in Guangxi, China, and got to see the 700 year old Longji Rice Terraces.
I was in Cobh; Co. Cork; Ireland! The last port the Titanic left from, and a very lovely little town.
Mrren, Swiss Alps.
Amsterdam late at night after a day of rain. Been there many times and late night walks are the best there.
I too, visited a 6/7 seat Izakaya (local bar) in Golden Gai, Tokyo, and tried to captured the mood
We went to Qubec City last month. It was so cold (by Texas standard), but so worth it.
After 7 months backpacking through Western Europe, we stoped in Croatia for a break before continuing on to the Balkans and then East. We planned on staying a week or two, but ended up staying a month. You can see why. ibenik, Croatia
The stained glass windows of Saint Chapelle
My first time in Rome, and I had always heard the Colosseum looks its best early in the morning. I took this a little before 6 today, and the plaza was completely empty. I was not disappointed.
From my visit to Preikestolen, Norway earlier this year
Finally had the chance to visit Petra. It didnt disappoint
One of the most beautiful restaurants I have ever eaten at in the mountains of Lebanon.
Machu Picchu + Llama
Hard to beat the view of the Dolomites from my hotel in Sesto, Italy
Took a day trip to Fssen, Germany while in Europe a week ago and stepped into the ultimate Winter Wonderland
Our honeymoon view in Santorini
Celebrated New Year in Venice and went for a walk at 7am on January 1st.
North Cascades National Park, 2 hours from Seattle. Probably one of the most beautiful places Ive seen.
Banff National Park, Alberta, Canada
Sunset in Amsterdam! Took this the night before the King's Day chaos ensued
This perfect moment in Rome.
For those wondering what it might be like to jump out of a plane into sparkling blue waters (The Great Blue Hole in Belize)
Had the Gothic Quarter in Barcelona to myself when I woke up at dawn due to jet lag!
The quiet streets of Seville, Spain after a storm
These are the Nubian pyramids of the Kingdom of Kush.
I did it! Kjeragbolten,Norway
Under the Bridge in Slovenia
The last McDonalds cheeseburger sold in Iceland. McDonalds no longer exists in the country
View of the Santorini caldera from the hotel diving board
I got lost in the rice fields of the Mai Chau village, Vietnam
The Plank Walk to Heaven on Mount Huashan China. We googled "world's most dangerous hike" and this came up so we put it on our list and yesterday we finally got to complete it.
This is Reunion Island. A small island in the Indian Ocean.
Hallstatt, Austria is freezing cold this time of year, but stunningly beautiful.
Tulparkul - Kyrgyzstan. Is this heaven on Earth?
Hiking in the Alps near Courmayeur, Italy
I dropped everything to finally see Europe! Im a month in and sometimes I still cant believe Im here. Heres a snap I took in Prague the other day.
Amazing Hotel Pool in Switzerland
After 3 days of uncertain weather and cancellations, I was lucky enough to hitch a balloon ride in Cappadocia, Turkey 
Finally got a chance to visit Istanbul. The Hagia Sophia was awesome in the truest sense of the word.
Time With Friends: Kyoto, Japan
The village of Eguisheim in France.
Small Library in Prague
Nasir-ol-molk Mosque in Shiraz , Iran. Waited an hour for the place to clear out before I took this shot. Beautiful place built during the Qajar dynasty sometime in the 18th century.
Amsterdam during sunset is beautiful
This summer I took a hot air balloon trip over the Cappadocia, Turkey
In awe with Casablanca
Friend recommended the Dyrhlaey peninsula for a good view of Reynisfjara black sand beach in Iceland, Id say the view was way beyond good.
Took an unexpected trip to Seville and completely fell in love
Havana, Cuba
Palace of Venaria, Turin, Italy. The sunlight hitting the marble tiles is truly marvelous, pictures don't do it justice.
Recreating the final scene from Gladiator in Val d'Orcia, Tuscany
When visiting Athens, Greece I recommend skipping the lines at the Acropolis and hiking to the Ancient Wall of Pnyx instead
Amazing day in Yosemite yesterday
Pulled the trigger on a 3 week solo trip. This is Florence last night. Thanks to this sub for the help and encouragement.
Cold, but beautiful day, in Cochem, Germany.
Went to Lake Bled today due to this subreddit and was not disappointed.
While backpacking in Europe last Fall, a local told me to catch a bus to Lake Bled, Slovenia. One of the prettiest places I've found
Wireless Passwords From Airports And Lounges Around The World
Rome. I was walking back to my hotel this evening and happend to stumble upon this incredible view of the old city.
Trondheim works just fine as a destination even during mid-winter.
My favourite picture I took on my whole trip. Wengen, Switzerland.
If I told you that I visited this beach In Japan would you believe me? The stunning Aharen Beach on Tokashiki Island in Okinawa, Japan!
The Matterhorn from my hotel in Zermatt, Switzerland this morning. Probably my favorite photo Ive ever taken. Didnt even have to alter the picture. Only here for a weekend but it has already been worth the long and multiple trains I had to take to get here.
Waking up in Cappadocia, Turkey
Got to visit my mums home town in Bosnia. This is the view from our bnb.
The view from the backyard of my Airbnb wasn't too bad - Wengen, Switzerland
Plaosan Temple Indonesia, island of Java
Darband, Tehran
Yesterday I have been a tourist in my own city: Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Got lucky to experience the Infinity Mirrored Room at The Broad
The beautiful Lake Louise and Fairmont Chateau
Cherry Blossoms In Edinburgh, Scotland
Most couples honeymoon in a tropical environment. We chose Iceland. We rented a car in Reykjavik and drove around the entire country. It was the most incredible experience of my life! Iceland truly is the land of the gods.
I, too, was caught in a sudden Roman rainstorm. What had been a busting street filled with tourists and diners became suddenly quiet and serene after everyone had rushed for cover. It's one of my favorite memories of visiting.
Only place in the world that I did not want to come back home from, Torres del Paine National Park, Chile
North East India must be on every nature lover's bucket list. Captured during a recent trip to Gangtok, India.
Gorgeous mountain next to the town of Mittenwald in Bavaria, Germany. Most memorable view of my trip.
The bazaars in Iran are usually very busy, but go there early in the morning to see their quiet side.
Views over Guatemala, the active volcano Pacaya erupting in the distance
On our 27th country together, we got engaged! We met in a London Hostel while both backpacking Europe. Some backstory in the comments :)
The extremely colourful busy streets of Osaka, Japan, almost burn your retinas
My train ride to Hallstatt, Austria with the view of the Alps. The best train ride I've ever been on in my life!
The beautiful village of Sintra, Portugal
Hallstatt is one of the most popular villages to visit in Austria, and even with the crowds it was definitely worth the visit
I had to endure the suspicious glares of a museum security guard, but I managed to get the best photo I've ever taken - The Louvre, Paris
Got off on the wrong station in southern France and decided to hike a little until the next one came. Man was I happy I did
Japan / Osaka: the stuff of dreams. Go get lost!
The book of my life. 10 years, 69 countries, 195 stamps, 68 pages (6 unused) countless memories. US passport just expired, time to start a new book.
My little sister made me these boxes to hold my travel memories in each country!
ancient roman aqueduct - Segovia, Spain. no mortar, just stone blocks relying on gravity!
Newcastle's Grey street at dusk
Opted for a boat trip to tour Amalfi Coast instead of going by land.
My wife and I went kayaking in the Marble Caves near Puerto Tranquillo, Chile. [OC] (2592x1944)
I saw a moonbow over the Moai Statues on Easter Island 
This lovely viewpoint of Lake Bled, Slovenia
The most scenic breakfast weve ever had, absolutely stunning - Annapurna range, Nepal
View from the London Eye
Feeling a lot like Dr.Jones . Petra,Jordan
My favorite photo I took while in Florence
Wonderful trip to Patagonia in the fall.
I loved when I went to Quebec City last year and they had umbrellas hanging about the street! Such a cool feature.
Just visited Trolltunga, Norway, and it is otherworldly.
I went to Arches National Park today, and it was deserted. I had Delicate Arch all to myself
A (very) rainy day in Nikko, Japan
Maybe not the highest in Europe, but definitely the coolest. Matterhorn towering over Zermatt, Switzerland.
Stornappstinden, Lofoten Islands, Norway. I 'Hiked' up here with a group of 30 middle-aged Norwegians and had to RUN to keep up! Worth it.
Currently visiting the Virgin Islands for Spring Break! Snapped this beauty yesterday from Maho Bay beach, St. John.
Travelling with a drone sure has its advantages - Koh Panyee floating village, Thailand
A cobbled alley - Cologne, Germany
Lunch views from the top of my surf hostel in Taghazout, Morocco
My lovely Airbnb view in Santorini!! Blocked off to the public but I can venture out and sit underneath the blue domes.
My favourite photo of Japan - taken in the alleyways of Kyoto.
My wife and I spent 6 days in the Bled Lake, Slovenia, area. The lake with the Cathedral on the island is enchanting.
That sunrise picture in Angkor Wat isn't that special
My first California road trip. And oh boy! The Pacific shoreline was breathtakingly beautiful!
A quiet, unedited Amsterdam morning
Travelling in the U.S can be gorgeous as well - Oak Alley Plantation in Louisiana
Amsterdam, one of the loveliest cities to get lost in at night.
30 yr. dream of visiting Paris came true this week. (Took the RER to Versailles)
My friend and I bought horses and rode across Mongolia over 3 months. Here's one of his incredible photos from our journey.
I am convinced that Bernkastel-Kues has the most magical Christmas Market in all of Deutschland. This adorable city isnt as popular as Munich, or Berlin, but it is certainly not lacking in charm. I, personally, thought it was far more interesting to visit.
Chamonix, a gorgeous little town in the French Alps, looking up to Mont Blanc
I caught the blood moon and a stunning sunset in Stockholm last weekend
Lisbon blew my mind away with beauty at every corner.
Ventured into the far west of Tunisia. Had this oasis all to myself for the night.
Favorite picture I took from Havana, Cuba
I have been traveling for 4 weeks around Europe after quitting a job I disliked. Walked through the old town at 5:00 to capture the sunrise over Prague this morning. There were some horizon level clouds that were pretty frustrating. Captured with my iPhone 8 and this image has not been edited.
Moorea, French Polynesia
Lunch with a view! Looking over the city of Innsbruck.
Best birthday of my life on the Isle of Skye, Scotland
It took a while, but me and my friend managed to ride our motorcycles to the Northernmost tip of South America  through a remote desert peninsula. The night sky is incredible.
A view of the Blue Mosque taken through a small window inside the Hagia Sofia. Istanbul, Turkey.
Visited Patagonia this summer and this was definitely the highlight.
I painted this map on my wall and I'm adding color on each state I'm visiting. Do you like it?
Quinta da Regaleira in Sintra, Portugal
The sun setting on Puento Nuevo in Ronda, Spain. This was the most beautiful place Ive ever been. Go in Spring to enjoy the wildflowers 
North Wales. One of the more underrated parts of Great Britain.
A magical scene caught in the streets of Amsterdam, Netherlands
You never really hear much about Lichtenstein, but wow is it gorgeous
Lorenzo Quinn's sculpture titled "Support" just revealed at the 2017 Venice Biennale - it depicts the affects of climate change and the rising sea level in the city.
After a long trip from London on a misty day, I arrived at Durdle Door in Dorset and the sky just cleared out. Definitely the best seaside place I have been to in the UK.
Went to Bath UK, got up before the tourists and snapped this
At the border between Russia and Mongolia. Looking south back into Mongolia.
Ran into a roadblock on the way to Mt. Kilimanjaro [OC]
Plaza de Espaa, Sevilla
This is the Matsu-kawa River near Hakuba, Japan. It is quite possibly the most beautiful place I have ever accidentally stumbled upon and a welcoming break from the bustling Tokyo!
One of my favorite pictures I captured from my time traveling around Germany, the Burg Eltz Castle.
Class from the Italians in Florence today.
Found this view wandering around the southern side of Capri this summer
My friends and I traveled through California, USA to recreate every default Apple wallpaper. Here are some of our photos (left) next to Apple's originals (right). The road trip took one week and we visited Death Valley National Park, the Sierras, Yosemite National Park, and Mavericks
Woke up at 6AM today to take a picture at Charles Bridge in Prague. Worth it.
Fjarrgljfur, a grassy canyon in south east Iceland.
Ninh Binh, Viet Nam. Went cycling this afternoon, absolutely breath taking!
Just came back from Cappadocia, Turkey. A true winter wonderland when covered in snow.
I too, woke up to this view of Cotopaxi in Ecuador last month!
Pyramids of Meroe, Sudan
Golden Bridge, outside Hoi An Vietnam
Well, it thunderstormed and hailed in Rome today. Which meant that afterward it was only my wife & I without a soul in sight, save the employees cleaning up. Not often you get a quiet, intimate moment with a monument like this.
Where Worlds Divide - The separation of the North American Plate and Eurasia at Pingvellir, Iceland [1600x1072][OC]
Waited 2 hours to get the perfect lighting for this picture. Positano, Italy is gorgeous!
I took the plunge and booked my lifelong dream trip to film in Antarctica. The best 12 days of travel I've ever had.
Granada, Spain has some lovely views
When the llama is more photogenic than you. (Machu Picchu, Peru)
I had a 24 hour layover and $40 for a room. This is why everyone should try Airbnb - Dubai, UAE.
Early Morning arrival to Tikal, Guatemala.
More Africa Love. The 12 Apostles overlooking Camps Bay near Cape Town, SA.
View from my AirBnB - Volcn Concepcon on Ometepe Island, Nicaragua
The view towards the Lauterbrunnen Valley just as you leave the station
Last Day in South Africa and I'm going to miss this view
Amsterdam is beautiful, but Bruges has a special place in my heart.
A very Dutch boat found in the canals of Amsterdam
Two rivers merging in Nepal
The Elephant Rocks near Duntroon in North Otago, New Zealand
Neat little church I saw with an amazing backdrop on the outskirts of Innsbruck, Austria
Got to visit Fallingwater, designed by Frank Lloyd Wright. A gem in the Laurel Highlands of Pennsylvania.
Trying to get some work done while on vacation in the Swiss Alps. Needless to say, I didn't accomplish much.
Slovenia makes the most of its 27-mile Adriatic coastline
If you got the Bay of Kotor in Montenegro, be sure you do the ladder hike.
MianShan - a mountain filled with Buddhist and Taoist temples in Shanxi, China
Amsterdam from above
Its impossible to drive through Switzerland without stopping every 5 minutes. This was Lake Lucerne, near Brunnen.
I just hiked to the second tallest waterfall in the world, Tugela Falls in South Africa.
This is Buna In Bosnia and Herzegovina one of the clearest water I ever seen and beautiful place just to relax and have a cup of coffee
Charleston, SC was gorgeous.
Andaluca, Spain was the first place I had the courage to travel to solo! I spent a lot of time wandering through Mijas Pueblo admiring the beautiful white buildings :)
Made it to Machu Picchu! Incredible to see in person, glad we got a sunny day!
From my recent trip to Japan. Mt Fuji during sunset overlooking Fujiyoshida
Chamonix, Mont Blanc, France - French Alps. This was my favorite of many scenic photos from my trip to this beautiful, lively town.
Antigua, Guatemala this morning
From my recent trip to Georgia, in the village of Juta.
Palacio de Cristal, Madrid. We were turned away yesterday due to heavy rains, so I went early this morning before it got busy. Highlight of my trip
Quiet Venetian morning on my summer Eurotrip
Recently returned home after 14 months traveling the world. Saw some incredible sites, met some wonderful people, and ate some delicious food. Here's an album of my favorite photos from the trip.
Photo I took of the Kyauk Ka Lat Pagoda in Hpa-An, Myanmar. Such a beautiful place!
One of my favorite shots while hiking around Manaslu (8156m) in Nepal
Everywhere I travel I buy a magnet for my moms fridge. Got a few so far!
Was in Florence last week and got treated to this view from Piazzale Michaelangelo
My first trip to Italy, having fun in Florence
Singapore is quite fantastic
Went to Stonehenge. Had an opportunity to go visit before it was open to the general public. It was so eerie and cool to see the site before it opens to the public.
The first thing you see getting off the train in Lauterbrunnen Valley, Switzerland
Look what we found at the top of Roys Peak in New Zealand.
Lake O'Hara, BC, Canada [OC]
Wooden Church in Moscow
A time lapse of walking from the old port to the Windmills in Mykonos town, taken 14 October 2019
Riding through the forest in Patagonia, somewhere near Puerto Natales.
Took the Mont Blanc Express today which runs from the Swiss alps to the French alps. Reminded me of The Polar Express.
Visit Pyramide du Louvre late on a cold rainy night, and get the whole place to yourself.
Met these friendly South Americans staying at Westers gard by Geirangerfjord in Norway
Somewhat like the Jerusalem in Taoism mythology. Heavenly mountain, Xinjiang, China
Cappadocia, Turkey. One of the most magical experiences.
If you have time for it on a trip to Japan, I strongly recommend hiking Fuji :)
Christmas Eve in Innsbruck, Austria
Stopping for a rest on the Inca Trail (Peru)
Went to the Dolomites in Italy last weekend. Can't believe how beautiful the weather was in October!
Got this shot of the sun making an appearance in Ireland at the Cliffs of Moher!
Narai-Juku. Hundreds of years old town from edo period Japan.
Cesky Krumlov is a real life fairy tale
Poor weather can really be a blessing in disguise for travel pics. Taken from the Rialto Bridge in Venice, everyone else ran off to get out of the rain! (OC)
Hong Kong's street markets sure are vibrant
Cabin with a view. (Its the Katskhi pillar, part of a monestary in the beautiful Republic of Georgia. I took the photo on a road trip in 2017.)
The unfamiliar geometry of Sagrada Familia's ceiling in Barcelona
The Duomo from the Palazzo Vecchio, Florence
Belm Tower in Lisbon, Portugal
Chamonix Valley from my snow hole!! (Taken 8th Feb 2019)
Tiny island paradise. Having a break between dives, at the Great Blue Hole of Belize.
Huge dune at Sossusvlei, Namibia
Spent Thanksgiving in Verona, Italy.
Today I drove around the north shore of Maui, Hawaii
At the Mountain Hostel in Gimmelwald, Switzerland
Last day in Queenstown, New Zealand and it delivers this amazing sunset
Exploring the Swiss Alps in a rented Ducati 1200.
Starting the new year on the tiny volcanic island of Saba in the Caribbean. Its Dutch territory, so the guesthouse owner gave us free Dutch New Years treats to enjoy while admiring the highest point in the Netherlands!
Taken from an old WW1 tunnel in the Dolomite Mountains in Italy
Just visited Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mexican breakfast with a view [Los Cabos, Mexico]
Bali needs no filter. Truly a paradise.
Krka waterfall in Croatia, one of the few places in the national parks where pictures do it some justice.
Always seeing Swiss and Italian Alps on this sub. The small German part of the Alps is also pretty nice. This is Knigssee
My bubble hotel room in Petra, Jordan. At night, you could see all the stars in the sky
Winter is a great time to visit Venice
I accidentally smuggled my drone into Morocco. 6 days and 70 miles of trekking through the Sahara Desert to capture this in Chigaga, Morocco.
Hiked to the top of the Tempe of Apollo in Delphi, Greece. No one else was here this day! Absolutely breathtaking
Devil's Tower, Wyoming
Every little street in Eze, France is gorgeous
An island off of Koh Yao Noi, Thailand (9/26/17). We had it to ourselves for a few minutes!
Tallinn was an unexpected beauty
Its hard to beat the Strasbourg Cathedral.
Probably the nicest view from a McDonalds I have ever seen  Marsa Matruh, Egypt
Gateway to the Fjords, Gudvangen Norway.
Driving through Scotland was one of the best travel experiences, Some places feel completely unreal
December in New York. Such amazing views on every turn
Oia, Santorini ... absolutely breathtaking.
Taking in views of Mt Fuji during the Shibazakura festival.
Primosten, Croatia. An overlooked, beautiful, seaside town.
The Great Wall allllll to myself! I went to Jinshanling, which is a bit further than where most tourists go, but no crowds and more authentic areas with less reconstruction.
Traveled to Isle of Skye this summer. Absolutely astonishing place. The weather was really Scottish, always foggy and cold. [OC]
One year ago today. Probably one of my favourite memories. Neuschwanstein Castle, Bavaria, Germany
Mount Vesuvius from the streets of Pompeii, one of the most impressive parts of my trip to Italy.
Hole in the Wall, South Africa. We unexpectedly spent nearly 6 hours hiking with these children, communicating solely through smiles, gestures and shoulder riders. We swam them across a river, got pizza at the hotel and had one of the most memorable days of our lives.
A drive back to Jasper through Jasper National Park, Alberta, Canada in mid-Fall.
Norway at its best. Late night SUP'ing in the midnight sun. This is Vindstad in Lofoten.
Colorful streets of Medellin , Colombia
Went to the Verdon Gorge in France today and kayaked in this gorge-ous water (see what I did there)
The amazing view from my Airbnb's bedroom window on the south island of New Zealand, the most beautiful place I've ever been
$240 USD for a bike to travel across Vietnam. Money well spent
Guilin area of China has to have some the best sunsets I've seen in a while!
It's a long way up but the view is worth it, the Vatican, Rome
The Soca River in Slovenia
The Great Wall at Winter
Kjeragbolten, really cool place to see in Norway
Rainbow Springs, Florida
Yellowstone National Park is awesome
The Narrows in Zion National Park | It was 105F/41C outside the canyon, but we couldn't tell.
My phone pic: Ushguli, Georgia  (not easy to get there, but I'll tell you how)
Breakfast with a view over Punakha, Bhutan. Before spending a week there, I was afraid Bhutan was overhyped - it's not.
After years of learning about the Roman Empire, I finally made it to the Colosseum. It did not disappoint
Spending the holidays in Paris with the family and this is the view from our apartment.
This is Old Man of Storr, Isle of Skye, Scotland. One of my best trips so far. It literally felt like I was walking to Mordor
Switzerland border - from my road trip last week
This mountainside onsen near Nagano, Japan is often visited by snow monkeys.
I also just finished a 9 day Ring Road trip around Iceland while living out of a van, here's one of my favorite pics from the trip.
The isolated village of Ushguli, Georgia.
Grindelwald, Switzerland. One of the most beautiful places I've ever seen.
London, UK is a pretty fantastic place to partake in pre-Christmas festivities. Pictured - the Natural History Museum
As an Ohioan, I can confirm that Toledo, Spain is the best Toledo.
As a Brit, I think it's time for a road trip
First Christmas solo travelling, but look at that view. Guatap, Colombia
Even though Prague isn't a secret. It's underrated. What a gorgeous city.
A picture I took during my trip to Positano, Italy in December
We had a picnic by the Rhein river last weekend. I love Germany in the spring!
I quit my job, sold my stuff and drove from Alaska to Argentina - 2 years, 17 countries. This is the perfect "overland" trip for beginners!
The view of Cotopaxi volcano in Ecuador, from my hostel rooms tiny window.
First time leaving the United States. Interlaken, Switzerland. Truly breathtaking.
Second time visiting Petra and it was just as beautiful and amazing the second time around. Hiked over 10 miles, fed a stray dog, rode a camel back to the entrance and ripped my jeans getting off the camel lol 10/10 will def be back next year to explore areas I couldnt get to
Walk into Lauterbrunnen valley, picture taken from Wengen. Simple breathtaking!
Rent a car in Scotland and get lost in the Highlands. It's worth it [Loch Lomond & The Trossachs National Park]
Spent the days between Christmas and New Year in the Whitsundays. This is Whitehaven Beach
The Cloud Forest - Singapore
Switzerland's gorgeous Aare Gorge. Finding yourself at the bottom of a canyon surrounded by the Alps is worth a sight!
Palcio de Cristal, Madrid - Retiro Park
Nyhavn, Copenhagen. Never been to a more laid back city.
Started raining when I was touring the Tower of London. While everybody ran to safety, I snapped this picture. For some reason I am genuinely proud of this one.
We unexpectedly decided to drive to the Gorges du Verdon (France), I think we did right
Bovec, Slovenia! Discovered this incredible landscape while exploring, turns out it was a film location for one of the Narnia films!
Seville Cathedral (Spain) is being cleaned and it looks amazing
If you're in Laos, renting a bike is a must.
Lived in Quito for the past 2 months. Finally got around to snapping a photo of Cotopaxi from the roof of our apartment building.
I had a layover in Valletta Malta a few weeks ago and I found the architecture there amazing!! I love the colours around the city.
A photo I took whilst exploring the unreal bays along the coast of Indonesias West Papua
Did you know Hamburg has more bridges than Venice, Amsterdam, and London combined? Completely underrated city with labyrinths of canals and water around every corner. View from Poggenmhlen Bridge in the Speicherstadt area (or City of Warehouses)
Finished the Milford Track - New Zealand
When the sun shines in Copenhagen
Empty streets of Monsanto, Portugal.
Amsterdam's Red Light District is home to some beautiful old canals and ancient taverns. Skip the hookers, explore the scenery! [OC]
Probably on of my favorite places in Europe - Hallstat, Austria.
This is where I had lunch today, lovely scenes in Santorini, Greece!
After a 2 day hike with surreal scenery, we ran into this in Lenk, Switzerland, yet pictures don't make it justice.
When I was 7 years old I saw a picture of Switzerland as my Dads wallpaper. I told him that I was going to go there one day... and I made it happen. I saved up my money to go to Europe after graduation. This is one of my favorite pictures taken in Altdorf, Switzerland.
The 272 Steps of Batu Caves (Malaysia)
A (rare) sunny day in Inverness, Scotland - gateway to the Scottish Highlands
Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina: one of the great surprises during a trip to the Balkans. It's a city that still shows big scars of the war in the 90s.
Leaving home for 6+ months on Tuesday. Trying to downsize my life into one backpack has been a challenge, but I think I'm nearly there.
Took this photo last winter in Queenstown New Zealand. Heaven on earth!
We went to Negril, Jamaica, where I did my first cliff jump from 27 feet up.
Humantay lake on the salkantay trail
Made it to the Dolomites (South Tirol, Italy)
Brugge, Belgium . Easily one the most beautiful cities I have ever visited.
Yesterday in Zion National Park, Utah.
Cable car ride to the pillars in Zhang Jia Jie, China!
I visited Norway last week to see the Northern Lights. Saw them four nights in a row! This was night one.
Abandoned Palace in Bundi, India
Edinburgh is beautiful.
Rothenburg ob der Tauber, Germany. Its a real life fairly tale.
Got stranded in Amsterdam due to snow, was not complaining
Last year I traveled to Morocco, the Royal Palace doors in Fez were definitely a highlight. They use lemon juice to polish the brass doors.
Not just any walk in the park... Finally got to see Kyoto's famous T-ji pagoda at night in full autumn colors, and it was an absolutely gorgeous experience. (details/itinerary in comments)
Took a trip to Tunisia, ended up at Lars homestead and saw where Luke Skywalker ate dinner
Rice fields in Bali.
Went to Antelope Canyon in Arizona. Some of the rock formations were incredible to look at. I thought it would be cool to share a picture I took.
Took this picture today at JBR beach in Dubai. You can also see the worlds biggest Ferris wheel in the background.
Plitvice lakes in Croatia are stunning. Actually, all of Croatia is beautiful!
Devetashka Cave, Bulgaria. Taken with out of date film. When I walked in I thought this is one of the best cathedrals Ive walked in to
I knew the monuments at Petra were big, but didn't know they were this big (I'm sitting at the base)
Its been raining for some days in Amsterdam but when the sky finally lets up the sunsets are just spectacular.
Cheap rooftop ticket of a hotel can get you this amazing view of Berlin
A frozen waterfall hidden in the Gobi Desert, Mongolia.
Nice view on my morning walk in Zermatt, Switzerland marking the Matterhorn off my bucket list.
First time going to Theth, Albania this summer. Ill let the picture do the talking for its beauty.
Just returned home after a week in Faroe Islands. My soul is still there, I cannot think of a better place to reconnect with oneself! Feel free to ask any questions, will be glad to help!
Floyds Pelican Bar at Jamaica..awesome place to be...
Zermatt, Switzerland on a very warm day
Capturing Italian Alps in winter 
On top of the world in San Marino, the worlds oldest Republic tucked within Italy
After a short hike this was the view of Neuschwanstein Castle.
From my recent trip to Hong Kong, just after sunrise at Victoria Peak
The two hour drive was worth it to see an almost empty Devils Den in central Florida.
Moonrise on Easter Island. Also on an iPhone6.
A beautiful beach on Korula island in Croatia
Best photo I've ever taken with a phone camera. Xiangshan Hiking Trail in Taipei City, Taiwan.
Going to miss this view. Hilterfingen, Switzerland.
Bastogne, Belgium! (Apologies to Belgians for posting it as France previously, three countries in a day and multiple languages messes with a guy)
Mongolia feels like being in Lord of the Rings.
If you're going to Norway this summer, consider adding ndalsnes to your trip. This hike, Romsdalseggen, begins at the railway station there.
Just finished my trip to the Andalusian region of Spain. Our last stop was to Ronda.
Just got back from Cuba. It was like going back in time.
My fianc and I took a boat tour of the Na Pali Coast, Kauai, Hawaii
This magical looking building in Amsterdam, the Netherlands looks like it came out of a Studio Ghibli anime (found in De 9 Straatjes)
I went to York, England on Saturday. What a city.
Ronda, Spain. Taken during an 800-mile bike tour through southern Spain.
From a recent trip to Granada, Spain and the Alhambra. I was surprised by how many oranges were on the trees in January!
The Shambles in York, England seriously makes me feel like I'm on a movie set.
Worth getting up at 5am! Bagan Temples at Sunrise
Snorkeled Near Jesus Off Of Key West On A quick Day Trip, Tough Pic To Capture But I Think I Got Lucky
The most beautiful place on earth - Palawan, Philippines
Spent Thanksgiving and (most importantly) Black Friday hiking 50 miles through Patagonia. Heres the biggest payoff.
Dolomites in Italy this morning.
Garden of the Gods, Colorado Springs, State of Colorado, USA
Visited the Royal Alcazar Gardens in Sevilla, also found out this is where they filmed the city of Dorne in GoT
Driving along the Croatia coast got me this.
San Juan de Gaztelugatxe, Basque Country, possibly one of the most beautiful things I've seen
The town square in Wroclaw, Poland
Cliffs of Moher, Ireland on Nov 26, 2019. Highly recommend hiking the Burren Way fron Doolin to the cliffs. At the end of the trail youll pop out to this view.
Jotunheimen, Norway
In every country I visit, the aim is to find a great bridge. Australia offered me this in the McKenzie River Rainforest, VIC.
Old Town Square in Prague this morning at 6am -no tourists
A snowy morning in Prague
Havana, Cuba. An incredibly beautiful city.
When I was 10, I did a report on Machu Picchu... and I finally visited 17 years later!
End of the 11 mile long Kalalau Trail in Kauai Hawaii.
Took a bike ride with this beautiful view near Hanoi, Vietnam
Christmas market in Colmar France.
Oban, Scotland: Came for the whisky, stayed for the views
Samarkand, Uzbekistan
Boating by the Phi Phi Islands off the coast of Phuket. Must be one of the most photogenic places on earth
A surreal moment from a recent trip to the Dolomites in Italy
Sunny Afternoon Picnic in Florence, Italy
Climbed down Ronda's water mine in Spain to arrive at this beautiful gorge
The Eiffel Tower as seen from the streets of Paris
Nightfall in rural Japan: Tsumago-juku, forty-second of the sixty-nine post towns on the ancient Nakasend trail (details and itinerary in comments)
I feel like the Italian Alps are underappreciated on reddit, so here's a view of Langkofel and Seiser Alm
US embassy in Baghdad has just issued an alert urging all American citizens to leave Iraq IMMEDIATELY
Valley of the Mills in Sorrento, Italy. Such an eerie-looking cool spot (and sitting right up against a busy road!).
Amsterdam, I surprisingly am in love with you
Ever enjoyed getting lost in Venice, Italy
An abandoned mill in Sorrento, Italy
First time in Florence~ this was a Rose Garden, halfway up to Piazelle Michelangelo to watch the sunset. Simply amazing.
Sunset view from my favorite bar in Berlin
Prague is beautiful
Some views are so good, one must take a seat to appreciate them. Two climbers are making their way up the Old Man of Hoy, Scotland in this pic. [OC]
Warm & sleepy Chiavenna, hiding in the Italian Alps. Coming here made forget bad weather was a thing.
Walking around in remote forests of Japan, Ryjin. Came across this halfway up a mountain.
Taken on a 1st gen iPhone in Kauai almost a decade ago, still my favorite travel photo
Colmar France.
In all my travels, this is the most spectacular coastline I've ever seen. Path of the Gods - Positano, Italy
Bixby Bridge, California.
The view from my hostel in Zermatt
Helicopter view of Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe!
The Amalfi Coast in Southern Italy, truly stunning.
Road trip through Sweden and Norway
Amazing colourful boats docked up in Hi An- Vietnam
Room with a view. Lucerne Switzerland
Mexico Stole My Heart. What a Fantastic Country (Guanajuato, Mexico)
This is what it looks like at midnight in Lofoten, Norway
My favourite view on the South Iceland ring road. I find glaciers beautiful.
Hungarian Parliament in Budapest last night
Back photographing Istanbul after far too long.
Transylvania and Romania are underrated.
Hallstatt, Austria. I wanted to get away from the big cities and this place has been perfect.
Spent my last evening in Spain soaking in this view of the Catedral de Barcelona over a glass of Catalonian wine.
My first night in London.
Venice, two days ago at 8:00pm. Beautiful city.
A place worth visiting! Tropea, South Italy.
Old word Oman
Worlds most scenic bathroom maybe. Gran Sasso in Abruzzo Italy
Yup, I'm definitely in Scotland! Wet and grey but a lovely place.
A picture from Slovenia that isnt Lake Bled - the amazing Russian Bridge deep inside the Postojna Caves
Karersee, Dolomites: the perfect picnic destination.
Our last night in Hong Kong was spent watching the city come to life as night descended
Driving through around the fjords in the north of Iceland
Beautiful Fall day in Utrecht, the Netherlands
Dogsledding in Swedish lapland, just the auroras missing 
If Wes Anderson designed a train (Flm, Norway)
Visited Grindelwald Switzerland a couple weeks ago and was absolutely blown away by the first view walking down hill from the station
Anniversary dinner in Paris
Our rainy day in Ronda, Spain. My favorite picture of The Old Bridge on November 21, 2019.
Belm Tower - Lisbon, Portugal
Stopped at Wat Rong Khun temple in Chiang Rai, Thailand on our way to the Golden Triangle (Myanmar, Laos and Thailand). It was both beautiful and bizarre.
Osaka Castle. This was one of the first pictures I took when I moved to Japan and its still my favorite.
One of my favourite castles from my recent trip to Europe - Predjama, Slovenia
Nestled by mountains - Kibungan, Philippines
Had a great day in Ninh Binh Vietnam :)
Yosemite National Park, California. Most amazing view I've see in my life
Going up the funicular in Como but facing the lake.
La Alhambra in Spain
On our train ride to Mrren, Switzerland
Meguro River, Tokyo, Japan - Felt like it was snowing when the cherry blossom pedals would fall. Can't wait to go back!
The breathtaking view from out Airbnb on the Isle of Skye
Seoul is gorgeous at night
Corvara in the Italian Dolomites
Mt. Koya, Japan. Stayed in a traditional Buddhist inn.
Went to VUE Bar in Shanghai - this was my view
Shipwreck beach, Greece
Cool lighting in Amsterdam
A trip through Venice on the canals.
Blue Lagoon in Iceland
View Over Halong Bay - The Best $2 Ever Spent!
Lauterbrunnen
First time in Dubai, top of Burj Khalifa.
QingJing Farm Views outside Taichung City, Taiwan
Seriously this view was unreal. Reward after a hike in very hot conditions! This was at the top of the Observation Point Trail in Zion National Park.
Reykjadalur Hot Springs River near Hverageri, Iceland
I took a train from Croatia to Germany a few years back, and we went through the Alps. Gotta say, the view from my window wasnt so bad  who else enjoys travelling by rail?
One of the most peaceful places to have lunch is in Koggala, Sri Lanka.
One of our stops at our roadtrip through Saxony this week. Bastei Bridge, Saxony, Germany
Currently on a 9 day camper van road trip around Iceland with my girlfriend. Took this photo this morning on the Stokksnes peninsula.
Liechtenstein is too beautiful to describe
I visited seven countries in 2018, this shot at Nymphenburg Palace in Munich, Germany from June is my absolute favorite of all my photographs.
The Mutianyu section of The Great Wall of China
Angkor temples are truly astounding
Maybe the nicest beer garden in the world? Hohenzollern Castle. Baden-Wrttemberg, Germany.
Victoria Falls, Zimbabwe at dusk!
I don't know about you guys, but one the main reasons I travel is the food.
My wife and I are turning a transit bus into a home on wheels so we can travel the US a bit. Here's what it looks like 4 months in.
Over 2000 limestone formations at Halong Bay, Vietnam - absolutely mesmerizing
Marrakesh, at sunset
Couldn't resist taking this colorful shot while visiting the Taj Mahal
Ninh Binh Province better than Ha Long Bay in Vietnam, even in winter - AMA
This is one of my favourite pic I took, while visiting Taormina, Italy 
Typical finnish cabin covered with snow. This shot was made in Lapland - a unique place where the sunrise is at the same time the sunset.
Always wanted to see the northern lights. Spent a few nights in Troms, Norway and made it happen.
Who needs a 5 star hotel when you can look up and see a thousand stars? My home for the night overlooking Crummock Water in England's Lake District National Park.
Ireland might be the most beautiful country out there
The seemingly endless Bunda cliffs in Australia are one of the most surreal sights I have seen in my travels.
Places like these make travel so worthwhile  Suzhou, China
Porto, Portugal Photographs Well
Just arrived in Hong Kong and the views did not disappoint.
Memories from Scotland
Travelling through Oaxaca, Mexico, on Da de Muertos is just incredibly beautiful. This is the main Altar in Oaxaca City's Zcalo.
A post on this subreddit convinced me to go to Romsdalseggen in Norway and it was one of the best decisions of my life
Those colours. No edits. Deadvlei in Namibia.
The short but impressive walk inside the Leutaschklamm / Geisterklamm (Mittenwald ,Germany). You enter in Germany, go straight into Austria, then come back out into Germany.
Spent the whole morning exploring Quinta da Regaleira, this natural hidden gem in Sintra. Definitely the biggest surprise in the town in our opinion.
Took this photo after a massive snowfall at Black Sand Beach Iceland.
The view from my homestay in Sapa, Vietnam
It doesn't get much nicer than a sunny day in Oxford!
Take the boat to Burano when visiting Venice - you won't regret it
Yesterday Mt. Fuji at 8am
Seoul is a neon paradise
Went to Santorini, and I loved it. Did not know a place could be quite so lovely.
My dreams came true this fall. Spent a humane day with rescued elephants at Elephant Nature Park in Chiang Mai, Thailand.
The beautiful symmetry of the Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi.
After days of clouds, finally got a view of the Matterhorn from my hotel window (Zermatt, Switzerland)
Took this photo of the Game of Thrones Mountain. Kirkjufell, Iceland.
After 10 years of dreaming, finally made it to Iguazu Falls, Brazil
One a recent trip to Taiwan, I was amazed by the lack of tourist. It basically meant that you could have a view like this, completely to yourself. Picture taken on the east coast, just north of Hualien city!
This Japanese garden is a hidden gem in San Francisco
Lived in the UK for 23 years and I visited Cornwall for the first time. I cant believe Ive been missing out on my own country all these years..
The 3rd newest country in the world - beautiful Montenegro! [OC]
Went down to the south west of Ireland for a weekend with friends, right at the end of the old world
My favorite picture from Salamanca
3rd time in El Nido, Palawan but I'll never tire of its waters.
Procida, a small island off the coast of Napoli.
The bustling Christmas Market in Old Town Square, Prague, Czech Republic
Riding on top of the worlds longest train for 12 hours through Mauritania
It may be impossible to take a bad photo of Venice, Italy
Travelling on Route 190 in Panamint Valley, California, USA
Boulder Colorados Flatirons this afternoon.
It's a little cold in Croatia right now
My favorite view from Jiuzhaigou, China
A little bit of "Old England" my cousin showed me in the Cotswolds--Castle Comb
Some of the best preserved Greek temples are not in Greece, but in Italy - and with no crowds (Paestum, Campania, Italy - early October)
I fell in love with the many sides of Osaka
Montserrat absolutely took my breath away
The Greek town of Gefyra as seen from the top of Monemvasia
A sunny day in Krakow, Poland
TV in Scotland
Bezbog, Bulgaria - Heaven On Earth
Angkor Thom, Cambodia [OC]
Yesterday I posted a picture of Manarola. I actually preferred here, Portovenere which is close by. Much quieter and every bit as rugged and historic
The view from Ciel de Paris restaurant (on top of Montparnasse tower in Paris, France) are scintillating!
Trondheim, Norway - December 2017
My visit to St Agnes, Cornwall, England last summer!
Prague-the city of a thousand spires
Love the old streets of Dubrovnik, Croatia
One of my favorite pics I took today in Maui, Hawaii.
I never had a decent camera while traveling until now. A friend lent me theirs for this India/Nepal and Im very pumped to use it. This is Humayuns Tomb from yesterday in New Delhi, India.
First time travelling to Albania and it exceeds all expectations. Pictured is Ksamil in southern Albania.
What used to be a slum in Busan, South Korea, is now a colorful cultural village
Last week I spent the night in a treehouse in Northern California and it was surreal.
Sisteron- France. Beautiful place we had a coffeebreak this morning on our way up north, and excellent bakeries, like everywhere in France.
Porto, Portugal. I love everything about this small town. Wonderful vibe, great food and wine.
Croatia, probably the most beautiful country in europe i've been to! [Plitvice lakes]
If you don't mind a little dust and grit and you are in Jakarta then try to visit the old port. Sunda Kelapa has the most amazing old boats that still load goods for small outlying ports in the Indonesian archipelago.
Id never realized how beautiful Montenegro was until I saw it for myself!
All my life I wanted to visit Iceland, and finally my dream came true and I couldnt be any happier! [Skogafoss, Iceland]
My Ireland experience in on picture: Sheep, ocean and lots of green.
Rio Celeste in Costa Rica, where the myth is that the water gets its bright color from gods who would paint the sky blue and rinse their brushes in the river
Probably my favorite travel pic of all time  Annecy, France at dusk
The Scottish highlands, where deer ate right from my hands.
Pena Palace, Sintra - Portugal. Thoughts?
The newly-reopened madrasa in Sal, Morocco. Built in the 12th century this madrasa is one of the finest examples of Moorish architecture in Morocco yet sees almost no tourists
Sunrise view of the Fairy Chimneys from my hot air balloon ride in Greme, Turkey.
From the viewing deck en route to Kayangan Lake in Coron, Philippines
The Moroccan Sahara
Mont Saint-Michel, I was astonished
Ponta da Piedade, Lagos, Portugal
Drove 2 hours down windy and narrow roads to find this church in Northern Italy [OC]
Barcelona was the most picturesque big city Ive ever been to!
Ancient Temple at the Feet of Mountains in Ninh Binh, Vietnam. Risky shot for my camera but worth it
Guatap in Colombia is by far the most beautiful place I have ever been.
Went to fjadrargljufur canyon in Iceland today. My was it beautiful.
The blue streets of the old medina of rabat capital of morocco
Evening in Manarola
Just outside Marrakesh, Morocco (those are restaurants in the river!!)
Up in the air in Cappadocia
Saw someone post about restaurants on the water outside Marrakesh, Morocco. Thought I would add the tallest waterfall in Morocco..
View of Puente Nuevo between rain showers in Ronda, Spain this morning
H Long Bay, Vit Nam (taken with phone)
The picture can't capture how breathtaking it is. Moraine Lake, AB Canada
My (now) wife and I rented out this private island near El Nido in Palawan for our wedding three weeks ago. You should go there.
My first post! 1,200 yr old Aachen Dom Cathedral in Germany, home to Charlemagnes remains.
Little guy just climbed right in. Taken in Langkawi, Malaysia.
For a moment in Reykjavik, the sun almost came out. Almost.
Waking up early in Kyoto to avoid the crowds. Is definitely with it! Fushimi Inari-taisha
A picture I took during a safari in the Ngorongro Crater, in Tanzania
Heading to Shangri-La, China on a mystical animal
Bicaz Gorge, Romania. Took my grandmother on a road trip from Bucharest.
Kayaking an uncharted bay in the Antarctic Peninsula! The scale and untouched beauty of the landscape is unlike any other place on our planet!
Many times I've been left underwhelmed after visiting certain famous tourist sites. Not Petra though.
Finally, after two long days of travelling, made it to the first leg of our journey: Foz do Iguau, Paran, Brazil
Backpacked through Rwanda and the Congo. Escorted by armed military, found mountain gorillas, climbed an active volcano to the world's largest lava lake. Fun times.
Iceland never fails to impress me
First time in Portugal. Porto has not disappointed. Make sure to cross the bridge from Porto city center to Gaia at sunset!
As dark as it gets during the summer in Valdez, Alaska. It's amazing how at ease this place makes you feel.
Recently visited the Ranakpur temple in Rajasthan, India. By far the most beautiful temple I've ever been to.
Spent the day hiking the trails throughout Cinque Terre. Ended our hike right at sunset above Vernazza.
The gorgeous cottages & scenery of Snowshill, an exemplary Cotswolds village
The most beautiful (and easy) hiking trail with the Matterhorn in plain sight, in Zermatt, Switzerland.
The view through the windscreen of our "Taxi" when driving to our mountain hut in Bulgaria after an unexpected snowfall
After running to catch the ferry, the scariest bus ride of my life, and braving the Phoenician Steps, I would say the views of Anacapri were completely worth it.
If you're driving between Revelstoke and Banff, take a second and drive back through in the other direction to get a different perspective. Worth it.
According to legend, when the Bishop of Bamberg refused to give citizens land to build a town hall, they did not let that stop them. Altes Rathaus is built into the middle of the Regnitz River (Bamberg, Germany). Photo taken during my first trip abroad in March.
Two lakes at Interlaken, Switzerland
Taken day before yesterday in Erg Chebbi - Morocco
Main street of Dubrovnik Old Town seen from the Wall early in the morning
I can't think of many places in the world more beautiful than the east coast of Taiwan.
Leiden, Netherlands in the fall
I have just travelled from London to Tokyo without flying, I left about 3 months ago. I spent 9 days in Mongolia (the best part of the trip) and here is a picture of a lonely soviet van in the Gobi Desert
It's a bit surreal to see penguins sunbathing on a beach... Boulders Beach, South Africa
You *can* travel with kids - Railey Beach, Thailand, 2015
Rdhuset Station in Stockholm, Sweden. Took this pic yesterday.
We were lucky to have this amazing view from our room in Sorrento.
View from the trail around Neuschwanstein Castle in Schwangau, Germany.
You see the most beautiful sights in Arizona
A street in Lille, France years ago. Lille is a lovely city in the north, often overlooked by travelers.
I suggesti visiting castles when they are closed for the best pics. (Berg eltz) taken on Christmas eve this year.
View from the Red Keep looking at Kings Landing - Dubrovnik, Croatia
Le Mont-Saint Michel at low tide, Normandy, France
What if you had the Blue Lagoon in Iceland all to yourself? [OC] [1600x596]
Just got back from Luxembourg and this view blew me away
Ushguli, Georgia felt like a village frozen in time 900 years ago.
"Lantern Town" Hoi An in Vietnam [OC]
Fjadrrgljfur gorge in Iceland, winter
There is such a thing as a free wine fountain! I repeat: FREE WINE FOUNTAIN!!! This is on the Camino de Santiago on the way to Los Arcos!
A photo I took showing the diversity of Hong Kong
Petrified Forest in Arizona. What looks like chopped logs are actually solid rock!
Drangarnir, Faroe Islands. A view that's well worth the two hours hiking!
Mnster (NRW/Germany) at Carnival
First trip of the year to Budapest, it was cold but amazing and picture perfect
Wesoych wit / Merry Christmas, this year from Krakw, Poland!
The Cliffs of Moher is also a workplace for someone. This someone probably checks the brakes on his tractor pretty often.
Saw the picture of Sarajevo and decided to share my own. The fascinating and haunting abandoned bobsled track from the 1984 Sarajevo Winter Olympics.
A rainy night in the beautiful Latin Quarter of Paris [OC]
My balcony view from the airbnb I stayed at in Montepertuso, above Positano in Italy.
Kualoa Ranch, Hawaii. Jurassic Park film set.
Thank you r/travel for giving us the courage to rent a car in Morocco!
A Summer's Hike in Lauterbrunnen, Switzerland. [OC] [1600 x 1200]
I did the W circuit in Torres Del Paine and was treated with this view coming out of Cuernos campsite
Krka National Park in Croatia is the most beautiful place Ive ever been.
View from Marina Bay SkyPark Observation Deck, Singapore
Antwerpen, Belgium
Descending Mount Rainier after a successful summit attempt
A cosy street in Paris
As if lifted out of a fairytale, tiny street in the Medieval village of Montefioralle, Greve region, Tuscany, Italy - on a quiet afternoon when even local cats were having siesta somewhere
My Favourite Things About Visiting New Cities is the Street Art - Glasgow, Scotland
Either Stockholm is beautiful or I have Stockholm syndrome.
The train ride to Jungfraujoch
Even on a cloudy day, Chamonix, France did not disappoint
Rented snow shoes for an amazing winter walk in Finnish Lapland [OC]
View from the heights of Montepulciano, Tuscany, with San Biagio church just below under the city walls. Some look-outs from the fortified old walls on a clear day are spellbinding.
A Day in The Life - ESL Teacher in South Korea
First few hours in Paris and already fallen in love
Bow Lake, Canada. Right before some kids scattered the watersurface :)
Probably the greatest picture I've ever taken. We stopped the car very dangerously on a tiny bridge to capture it - Tara River, Montenegro.
I think I'd be happy taking my last breath looking out to a view like this - the blooms on Carrizo Plains, California.
The treasury from above, Petra
Beautiful morning here in the Italian Dolomites
Enjoyed a beer and pretzel on top of the highest mountain in Germany! The picture really doesnt do the view justice, absolutely breathtaking. (Zugspitze)
Amarante, Portugal
The baths below the Alcazar in Seville, Spain. We visited in late summer and the outside temperature was 90+ degrees Farenheit. The baths were pleasantly cool. Just beautiful aesthetically and functionally.
Rouen, France is one of the most Beautiful cities in the world. The massive astronomical clock was a medieval masterpiece, being made in 1389!
I went to Chile at the end of January to chase wild horses with a gaucho - the trip, people, and nature were so amazing I felt like I was a protagonist of hollywood movie!
Who doesn't love Bruges?
Everest from the Tibet side. Base camp 8km from the mountain
Found an elephant on the Elephant mountain, Taipei, Taiwan
Today we landed in Mars. A.K.A Hverir, Iceland.
View from SkyCostanera, the South America's tallest building in Santiago, Chile.
Catching the blue hour in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Spent the day wandering around Yangzhou, China
Shibazakura festival and Mount Fuji
Sunrise at Mont Saint-Michel, France
Switzerland was absolutely beautiful. This is a view of Interlaken from Harder Kulm in May.
Elephant Stables in Hampi, India.
Overlooking Vernazza, Cinque Terre on the coast of Italy 
Could not fit in Cologne Cathedral's facade in a single frame. A beautiful building, inside and out.
This is Seelengraben, a street we did not expect to find in Ulm, Germany.
My hometown's most popular landmark, the Cathedral, seen from the other side of the harbour, at sunset. This is in Trani, Italy.
Low Tide at Mont Saint-Michel, France
Shot i took on the way from Germany to Austria last summer
One of the most breathtaking sights I have even seen. Machapuchare "Fish Tail Mountain" at Sunrise, Annapurna Range, Nepal.
I went to Norway this summer
The magic of Christmas at Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen!
The Dervish House at Blagaj (12km from Mostar), Bosnia & Hercegovina
Traveled to Jasper National Park and found it to be one of the loveliest places Ive ever been to!
Aleppo in 2009
Hiked in Peru and stumbled upon these llamas.
Wroclaw is stunning.
MISSING PERSON! My friend Dahlia last made contact in Pokhara, Nepal, on August 6th, and has not been heard from since. (x-post r/Nepal)
Our solution to a cloudy forecast at Mt. Cook, New Zealand was simple. Just get above the clouds.
Kylemore Abbey
Kaituer Falls in Guyana
Took the gondola up to Mt. Rigi in Central Switzerland. What a breathtaking ride!
Took this picture at the Castle of Methoni, a Venetian castle on the coast of Greece. The water was bright, bright green!
From my recent trek in Peru! (Santa Cruz Trek)
Riding through the jungles of Guatemala on route south.
A look at the Vesuvius from the Pompeii site (September 2017)
The view from the summit of Mount Snowdon
The Roman Forum. Gave me major chills
View from the balcony of our room overlooking the baby blue hot spring River of Grutas Tolantongo Mexico
Traveled to Death Valley, USA last week. It was beautifully desolate and SO quiet.
Sunset views in Rocky Mountains, Colorado
UNESCO World Heritage Site, Bay of Kotor, Montenegro
Lonely house in Howth, Ireland
Beautiful beach on Nusa Penida Indonesia
The Atlas Mountains were way greener than I expected. [Morocco]
Mt. Rainier was incredible
Spring vibes from Varenna, Italy
I wanted to get here for a long long time. Finally happened. Hallstatt, Austria
Today my bf and I caught jumping dolphins in Australia  Wollongong, NSW
Last year Went to this village in Pakistan which had a breath taking view of Nanga Parbat
Honeymoon Island in the Mamanuca Islands of Fiji. The snorkeling is world class
Sitting Down to Breakfast with Vesuvius
Castle of the Moors. This castle is over 1200 years old... Stunning...
Spent yesterday hiking through the Tatra National Park in southern Poland. Here is the the view from Czarny Staw pod Rysami overlooking Morskie Oko. Well worth a visit for anyone traveling to Krakw.
Khoungsi waterfalls near Luang Prabang, Laos! First solo trip starting off very nicely
The Beautiful Cascades Of Akchour, near the Blue Pearl Chefchaouen, Morocco
Sunrise in Sighisoara, Romania
View of Paro Taktsang located in Bhutan. One of the tourist attraction points in the country. Clicked on November 23, 2019
Dome of the Sagrada Famlia
The view from my room in London
I also went to Amsterdam and had a great time!
Sea side towns in South Italy
One of the most beautifully intricate places I have ever visited. The ceiling of the Sultan Ahmet Mosque in Istanbul, Turkey.
Beautiful 13th Century church in Ohrid, Macedonia
Old City of Dubrovnik, Croatia
Antelope Canyon in Arizona look beautiful during the day, but at night the curves of the walls accompanied by the stars in the night sky makes for an unforgettable memory.
Oia, Santorini, Greece. Went at the end of the tourist season, there are better times to go.
American Airlines admits that their extra legroom is actually 'knee room'.
The view from the AirBnB Im volunteering at. Langkawi Island
That one shot of Manarola. Lots of cliff jumping from brave kids! Here I also sampled olive flavoured icecream which was amazing
Heading deep into the Monkey Forest in Ubud, Bali, Indonesia
Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi
Went travelling across the UK. May I present the beautiful city of York.
The Hill Inlet, Whitsunday Islands in Queensland Australia is pretty special from the air!
Shrewsbury, England is where the original 'A Christmas Carol' was filmed. And I can see why they chose this place.
Picture from my day trip to Capri, Italy.
The colors of Burano, Italy
Never been to Stockholm, but Napoli also has a pretty amazing metro station
The Galata Tower, Istanbul. The Worlds Oldest Tower Open to Visitors [OC] [1200x1600]
Hajduka Vrata ("Bandit Gate") - a natural rock formation located on mt. vrsnica, Blidinje Nature Park, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Wonderful hike for some views of Mt. Fuji
The Treasury of Petra, practically no one around at sunset apart from the Bedouins packing up
Patio from Crdoba, Spain
The Alahambra, Granada, Spain
My view from the train after hiking the Chilkoot gold rush trail
Mount Pilatus in Lucern, Switzerland. The picture does not do it justice.
I spent a month crossing Canada by train - even on a cloudy day, Jasper, AB, was still the most stunning stop by far
Big Sur, CA
View of Tokyo from the Skytree. Worth the +3000 admission fee for a different perspective of the city.
My favourite photo from my trip to Lisbon, Portugal. Such a vibrant city!
I dont understand why more Americans dont make it a priority to visit Central Europe. Ljubljana Slovenia was one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited!
Bromo National Park, Indonesia
View from the infinity pool. Kuala Lumpur (OC)
A very sobering day at the killing fields, Phnom Penh, Cambodia. One of my tougher travelling days.
Some amazing pictures from all over the world on this sub, but this one is closer to home. My back garden in Tampa, Florida.
999 steps to Heavens Gate, Tianmen Mountain (plus waterfall to the left!!)
View of Largest Lake of Nepal from Murma Top. Took 2 hours of climbing from Rara Lake.
"I wasn't always a sheep herder, but after the war you just had to find something to do"
The last light falling on this castle in Corsica took my breath away.
Vinicunca "Rainbow" Mountain. Cusco, Peru
Medieval architecture alive and well in Colmar, France
Persepolis - highlight of my recent trip to Iran. The quality and detail of the ruins is remarkable!
CNN's Anthony Bourdain dead at 61 of apparent suicide
Ellora Caves outside Aurangabad, India. A monolith of carved-out temples.
Bruges has some really good sunsets
Plaza San Martin in Buenos Aires, Argentina
A small street in Reykjavik, Iceland
Vat Arun temple. Bangkok. Thailand. 2019
One of my favorite pictures I took from Burano, Italy. Definitely worth the boat ride
Just sailed through Indonesia for 4 days to see Komodo Dragons. Here were some of the stunning views along the way.
My hotel in St. Lucia had only 3 walls, a private swimming pool, and an amazing view overlooking the Pitons.
A busy alley in Cannes, France as night settles in
I found this view crossing a bridge. I had a gelato in one hand and my phone in the other. At the far end, you can see the Basilica di Santa Maria. This is Venice.
Mt. Fuji Sunset at the Chureito Pagoda
Took a day trip into Montenegro from Dubrovnik. The bay of Kotor is absolutely stunning!
The village of Luss, Scotland - like the Cotswolds but on the banks of Loch Lomond. One of my favourite villages in Europe.
Descent (Dune45, Namib-Naukluft National Park, Namibia)
Travelled to Genoa with the girlfriend. Our Airbnb host told us to train for ~40 min to find a beautiful small local town called Nervi, where we stumbled upon this beach. Greatest find ever.
La Alhambra in Granada, Spain. Explored this beautiful country for two weeks, and this is one of my favorites
Streets of Hakodate in Japan near the old British consulate
Hot air balloons in Cappadocia, Turkey! 
An afternoon at Christmas market in Aachen!
Kind of a swiss thing  in a mountain-restaurant at Seealpsee, Appenzell
Egypt is about the most monument-heavy place Ive ever been. Its hard work being amazed every day but I managed it...
Surreal view of wulong national park at Chongqing. Transformer also took set in this place
Looking Down from Stanserhorn over Luzern, Switzerland [OC] [1600x1200]
Water-powered Victorian seaside lift, Saltburn-by-the-Sea, UK
Ruins of ancient Sparta. In the background is an olive grove, followed by the town of modern Sparti, followed by the Taygetus mountain range.
The colourful curve of Victoria Street, Edinburgh
The full moon rising over the Amalfi Coast. After a couple weeks of getting rained on and snowed out in the Dolomiti, we headed south for some clean skies and they didn't disappoint!
The old town of Prague - the reward for climbing the tower of the city hall!
Brugge, Belgium. Such a beautiful place ...
Quilotoa loop overlooking the crater in Ecuador
Zhangjiajie, Hunan Province, China
The sunset camel ride on Cable Beach is a must-do in Broome, Western Australia. The camels are treated very well and theyre super happy and friendly too.
How to remove people from your travel photos (Version 2)
Since you guys liked our last photos so much, we recreated (left) the latest Apple wallpaper (right), macOS Catalina. We thought renting a boat/helicopter wouldn't be enough of an adventure, so we backpacked for 3 days across Santa Catalina Island, USA.
Travelled Northern Mongolia on horseback, looking for recommendations for more cheap horse riding holidays
My first solo travel - snapped this while in Leeds, England when the sun was oscillating in and out of the clouds. What a great city!
Visited the Highlands yesterday, still cant get over how breathtaking it was
A view from the Bridge of Sighs - Venice, IT
Its better to see something once than to hear about it a thousand times (colosseum , Rome Italy
Bach Ma National Park in Vietnam
Angels Landing, Utah
I don't often make my way into downtown Amsterdam but some days the weather is too nice to pass up on it. This spot is a real photographers' favorite: the Emperor's Canal and Leiden Canal crossing. [OC]
An overcast day in Sinaia, Romania
My favorite picture from my honeymoon in Jalousle, St. Lucia.
View of Vernazza, Italy from a peephole in the Doria Castle.
The Old Town, Baku Azerbaijan
Beautiful cloister of Jeronimos Monastery. Lisbon, Portugal.
So I used the Photoshop trick posted this week to try and blend out crowds at Piazza San Marco, Venice. Some places are just eternally crowded, I guess!
Hiking in Wicklow Mountains National Park, Ireland this past August
Beautiful architecture in Gdansk, Poland.
Neon glow in Chinatown Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia)
Picos De Europa, Spain. Intense feast for the eyes.
The incredible White Temple in Chiang Rai, Thailand.
Please visit Sedona, AZ at least once in your life. The atmosphere is magical!
This is what Mount Everest looks like from a plane flying at 31,000 feet.
Took this pic at the Fuji Shibazakura Festival. Lucky to see the whole peak of Fuji Mountain
Kobe, Japan - Roughly five hours before Typhoon Jongdari in late July. I absolutely loved the alleys like this one that were scattered all throughout Japan's major cities.
Visited Thun, Switzerland today. Quite the scenery.
View from our tea house on the Annapurna Circuit, Upper Pisang, Nepal
I am in Italy for work training, and am incredibly lucky that I got to visit Venezia today. Took this beauty on my way out, having had every breath in my body stolen away :)
Just got back from Prague. Loved that city, even in the winter! Let me know if you need recommendations of places to go.
Visited the Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi and was absolutely blown away.
Hotel del Coronado! Fun Fact: The hotel is 180 years old and has 700+ rooms
Yangshuo, China - a perfect, laid-back little town where you can ride on rafts made from bamboo and enjoy stunning scenery.
Bodiam castle, East Sussex - the most castley looking castle in England.
One of my favourite pictures from my travels. Red Light District, Amsterdam.
The new Louvre in Abu Dhabi is beautiful
The beautiful city of Bruges, as seen from the back of a tandem.
Walked for 4 days for this view. Well worth it. Annapurna Circuit, Nepal
My favorite view from an Oregon roadtrip: Neahkahnie Mountain. Theres nothing quite like eating a PB&J and listening to the distant surf roll in
Auschwitz is an incredibly emotional place to begin with. When I visited, there was a group from Israel all laying roses down on the tracks just inside the gate to Camp 2. This was overwhelming.
Being a "LoTR" fanboy as i am, i finally had the chance to visit Hobbiton for the first time! I am literally the happiest person alive!
Neon glow in China Town, Busan, South Korea
I recently visited The Alhambra in Granada, Spain. It was crowded but absolutely incredible.
So excited to travel to London and see Big Ben.
The most magical and intriguing place I have ever visited. Pinnacles desert, Western Australia
Day 106 Travelling. Exploring southern Italy and we stumbled on this gem of a town, Scilla, in Calabria.
Had to walk up 1,000 steps to visit this Buddhist temple nestled on the side of a mountain. Even the mail comes to by foot. (Risshakuji Temple, Yamagata, Japan)
An early wake up to catch sunrise at Phong Nha, Vietnam
My favourite shot from Nara, Japan . Really enjoyed the old shrines and deers.
My jet lag paid off
Captured this photo of Pariss city skyline from the top floor of Printemps department store. Added bonus: its free.
Weissgerbergasse is a street lined with very colorful half-timber buildings in Nuremberg's old town (Bavaria, Germany) [OC]
esk Krumlov, November 2018. Hello to my first ever Reddit post!
Mirror lakes on the way to Milford Sound, New Zealand
Tosua Trench located on the island on Samoa. Taken on my iPhone 6
First post! With the recent ban on selling elephant rides by tripadvisor, I thought it'd be the perfect time to help explain why this is a big deal using my experience working with elephants in Cambodia!
We shared this trek with only farmers, llama's and a midnight shoe-thief for 4 days. A welcome relief to seeing rural life after the huge numbers of people on our trek to Machu Pichu. Mt Ausangate, cerca Upis, Peru.
Paris was a dream, it really took my breath away.
Great view of Edinburgh Castle overlooking Princess Street Gardens - Edinburgh, Scotland
Visited an old abandoned theme park in Berlin, snapped my album cover
Not all of Japan is megacities: here is lush Kamikochi National Park in the Japanese Alps
Antwerp Central Train Station. Considered the most beautiful train station in the world and a joy to walk around looking up the entire time. (no edits to photo; shot on Pixel XL).
Attabad Lake, Pakistan was formed after a landslide destroyed a local village and blocked highway access to Northern Pakistan for 5 years
Hofburg, Vienna
[OC] Soi Cowboy, Bangkok Thailand reminds me so much of Blade Runner 2049
Posted this in another group but thought you guys would enjoy! Just finishing my trip through Sudan and it was incredible!! Ancient pyramids all to yourself and the most hospitable people i have ever met! Would highly recommend!!
Pimalayan, Palawan, Philippines. Miles of deserted beach. We saw no one else for 3 days!
Took this a month ago exploring the jungles of Costa Rica (Mystico Hanging Bridges Park, near La Fortuna)
St. Peter's Basilica through a snowy window
Fantastic scenery in Burabay, Kazakhstan
Lindos, the white city of Rhodos, Greece with its acropolis.
Lake Bled, Slovenia in the winter truly looks like a fairytale.
Traveled to Iceland awhile back and this is my favourite photo of Reykjavk
Northern lights in Abisko, Sweden.
I love mountain villages with crooked alleys, like this one in Seyne, France.
Abandoned 1984 Sarajevo Olympics Bobsled Track
Stari Most, the old stone bridge of Mostar. Bosnia and Herzegovina: a beautiful country full of kind people with heartbreaking stories.
Playing football on 600 meters above sea level  (Castelmola, Sicily)
Passo dello Stelvio here in Italy
On a vist to Neuschwanstein Castle a few years ago on a gloomy day, the clouds parted perfectly for just a moment.
Camels watering. Camels Gorge, Ennedi, Tchad[OC].
Rothenburg ob der Tauber, Bayern, Deutschland [OC][4032x3024]
Even minor stops in the Pacific Northwest are breath stealing
Fell with in love with the adorable little town of Nyon, Switzerland.
Wallberg, German Alps, 1h from Munich
This sunrise at Bagan, Myanmar reveals a landscape devoted to belief in something greater. There are some 3,000 thousand structures in the 7 square miles surrounding this ancient city; stupas, temples, and monasteries nearly 1000 years ago. Enjoyed the people, the food, the climate the low cost.
Trying to conquer Rome in three days...my feet hate me, but it has been totally worth it!
Went to the Christmas Market in Cologne, Germany yesterday. It was so cool! Incredible food and wares. I would recommend going at night. The lights are incredible. (See comments for full album)
The Chalky White Cliffs of tretat (Les Falaises d'tretat) - France
So in awe I almost forgot to breath through my snorkel! Swimming with the majestic Whale Sharks in Djibouti
Spent the last couple of days in Rio. Its been mostly overcast and wet but snapped this during a short spurt of good weather
Reflections on Tegalalang Rice Fields in Bali, Indonesia
Montserrat monastery outside of Barcelona, Spain
Summer snow on the Hrnli Ridge of the Matterhorn - Even when most of the mountain is covered in clouds, it can still be pretty dramatic (Zermatt, Switzerland) [OC]
Al-Deir (The Monastery) in Petra, Jordan. This is the view after a thousand step climb over roughly a mile from the valley floor.
Cobblestoned alleys of Granada, Spain [OC]
