Trump Impeached for Abuse of Power
Two weeks before his inauguration, Donald J. Trump was shown highly classified intelligence indicating that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had personally ordered complex cyberattacks to sway the 2016 American election
2.6 terabyte leak of Panamanian shell company data reveals "how a global industry led by major banks, legal firms, and asset management companies secretly manages the estates of politicians, Fifa officials, fraudsters and drug smugglers, celebrities and professional athletes."
Churchill's grandson slams Trump for skipping cemetery visit because of weather: "They died with their face to the foe and that pathetic inadequate @realDonaldTrump couldnt even defy the weather to pay his respects to The Fallen," Soames tweeted
Internet Defenders Urge Mass Revolt to Fight FCC's "Scorched-Earth" Attack on Net Neutrality: "FCC Pai is handing over the internet to a few humongous gatekeepers who see the rest of us as products to be delivered to advertisers, not as citizens needing communications that serve democracy's needs.'
More than a quarter of a million people have signed a petition calling for Sydney's New Year's Eve fireworks to be cancelled and the money spent on fighting fires that threaten the city.
Giraffes just silently went to the list of endangered animals facing extinction
Russia banned from 2018 Winter Olympics for doping
Belgium says loot boxes are gambling, wants them banned in Europe
Mozilla launches 'Facebook Container' extension for its Firefox browser that isolates the Facebook identity of users from rest of their web activity
Justin Trudeau Is Very Concerned With FCCs Plan to Roll Back Net Neutrality: We need to continue to defend net neutrality
19 of 20 World Leaders Just Pledged to Fight Climate Change. Trump Was the Lone Holdout.
Prince Andrew accuser's sends out cryptic tweet: "I am making it publicy known that in no way, shape or form am I sucidal. I have made this known to my therapist and GP- If something happens to me- in the sake of my family do not let this go away and help me to protect them"
Cancer vaccine eliminates tumors in mice - 90 of 90 mice cured of cancers with lymphoma, similar results observed in colon, breast, and melanoma cancers.
South Park episode banned in China screened on Hong Kong streets
'South Park' declares 'F--- the Chinese government' in 300th episode after the show was banned in China
'We Don't Know a Planet Like This': CO2 Levels Hit 415 PPM for 1st Time in 3 Million+ Yrs - "How is this not breaking news on all channels all over the world?"
Italy bans unvaccinated children from school
Bill and Melinda Gates sue company that was granted $30million to develop a pneumonia vaccine for children - but instead used the money to pay off its back rent and other debts it racked up
Microsoft Japans experiment with a 3-day weekend boosts worker productivity by 40%.
Impeachment Proceedings to be started against Donald Trump
Germany ends all arms sales to Saudi Arabia
Twitter will now label political ads, including who bought them and how much they are spending
Same Sex Marriage is now legal in Australia
Tesla Turns Power Back On At Children's Hospital In Puerto Rico
Hasan Minhaj responds after Netflix pulls episode of his comedy show in Saudi Arabia - Clearly, the best way to stop people from watching something is to ban it, make it trend online, and then leave it up on Youtube.
Revealed: Trumps election consultants filmed saying they use bribes and sex workers to entrap politicians
Russia banned from all global sport including 2020 OIympics and 2022 World Cup
Please save your praise. We dont want it, Swedish Climate Activist Greta Thunberg told the USA Senate Climate Change Task Force. Dont invite us here to tell us how inspiring we are without doing anything about it because it doesnt lead to anything.
Trump signs bill backing Hong Kong protesters into law, in spite of Beijing's objections
Macron wins French presidency by decisive margin over Le Pen
Multiple rockets hit Taji base in Iraq
No one owns Internet... so, it should be open and accessible to everyone, says the Chairman of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India.
Cohen's lawyer says he's completely flipped and will give evidence that Trump colluded with Russia
School students have been protesting in demand for safer roads for 7 days in Bangladesh. Today, they were outnumbered and attacked by the student wing of the Bangladeshi government.
The Trump administration is barring Irans top diplomat from entering the United States this week to address the United Nations Security Council about the U.S. assassination of Irans top military official in Baghdad, violating the terms of a 1947 headquarters agreement .
Iran's president says Trump White House 'afflicted by mental retardation'
Protester shot in chest by live police round during Hong Kong National Day protests
Male escort exposes 36 actively gay priests in a file sent to Vatican containing erotic Whatsapp messages and photos. The allegations were compiled by a gay male escort who told local media he couldnt put up with the priests "hypocrisy" any longer.
Alan Turing, World War Two codebreaker and mathematician, will be the face of new Bank of England 50 note
Facebook has lost $100 billion in 10 days  and now advertisers are pulling out
May's Brexit Deal Defeated 202-432
Bill Gates, the world's second-richest person behind Jeff Bezos, wants rich people to pay higher taxes: We've updated our tax system before to keep up with changing times, and we need to do it again, starting with raising taxes on people like me."
Scientists discover China has been secretly emitting banned ozone-depleting gas
Turkey has audio and video evidence showing that Saudi agents tortured & killed journalist Jamal Khashoggi inside the Saudi Consulate in Turkey
Hong Kong officially kills China extradition bill that sparked months of violent protests
India decriminalises homosexuality.
Superstar German DJ permanently banned from China for liking a South Park tweet
Politician who opposes mandatory chickenpox vaccinations contracts chickenpox
Coca-Cola Named Most Polluting Brand in Global Audit of Plastic Waste
Paradise Papers leak reveals secrets of world elite's hidden wealth
North and South Korea agree to carry single flag at Winter Olympics and field joint women's ice hockey team
Whistleblower who escaped Chinese 're-education camp' reveals horrors of the gulag: Ex-teacher tells how inmates were flayed, raped by guards in front of other prisoners, and given injections that made them infertile
All 48 London Bridge attack victims who made it to hospital have survived
Top Iranian Presidential Adviser Says Tehran's 'Sole Problem is Trump,' Not Average American People: "We have zero problems with the American people. We even achieved deals with previous US administrations. Our sole problem is Trump," Ashena said
Facebook is thinking about removing anti-vaccination content as backlash intensifies over the spread of misinformation on the social network
Girl goes viral on China owned TikTok for calling Muslim camps a second Holocaust
Chinese embassy has threatened Swedish government with "consequenses" if they attend the prize ceremony of a chinese activist. Swedish officials have announced that they will not succumb to these threats.
Senate defies Trump, passes historic resolution to end US support for Saudi Arabia in Yemen war
A biotech startup has managed to 3-D print fake rhino horns that carry the same genetic fingerprint as the actual horn. The company plans to flood Chinese rhino horn market at one-eighth of the price of the original, undercutting the price poachers can get and forcing them out eventually.
Apple, the world's most profitable firm, has a secretive new structure allowing it to continue avoiding billions in taxes, Paradise Papers show. They sidestepped a 2013 crackdown by actively shopping around for a tax haven, landing $252bn on the Channel Island of Jersey.
U.S. ambassador to Panama resigns because he can 'no longer work for Trump'.
World leaders literally laugh at Trump when he claims he has 'accomplished more than almost any administration'
Hong Kong police are spraying protesters with blue-dye water cannons to mark them for arrest later
Auschwitz museum on Latin American migration: It's important to remember that the Holocaust actually did not start from gas chambers. This hatred gradually developed from words, stereotypes & prejudice through legal exclusion, dehumanization & escalating violence.
UK expels 23 Russian diplomats, Russian state assets to be frozen as well. More sanctions being announced at 19.00 tonight
Jeff Bezos makes $98.5 million donation, UK leader calls him out: 'Just pay your taxes'
Moscow residents say they have found that the only way to get the council to clear snow is to write the name of opposition leader Alexei Navalny on it.
The leaders of France, Germany, the US and UK have issued a joint statement stating "This is the first offensive use of a nerve agent in Europe since the Second World War", calling it an assault on UK sovereignty.
Cambridge Analytica dismantled for good? Nope: It just changed its name to Emerdata
Satellite images reveal China is destroying Muslim graveyards where generations of Uighur families are buried and replaces them with car parks and playgrounds 'to eradicate the ethnic group's identity'
Canada to announce marijuana will be legal by July 1, 2018
Trump accused of hypocrisy for ordering the potentially inflammatory killing of a top Iranian general, after a series of tweets emerged from 2011 of him saying former president Obama would start a war with Iran in order to get re-elected
Chaos and bloodshed in Hong Kong district as hundreds of masked men assault protesters, journalists, residents.
Norway has issued a threat to Brazil that if rising deforestation in the Amazon rainforest is not reversed, its billion-dollar financial assistance to Brazils Amazon fund will fall to zero.
Chechnya detains 100 gay men in first concentration camps since the Holocaust
Same-sex marriage is now legal in Germany
"Mexican scientist cures the Human Papilloma Virus" - Eva Ramn Gallegos, a researcher at Mexico National Polytechnic Institute was able to completely eradicate the Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) in 29 patients using non-invasive photodynamic therapy: a method using oxygen and light frequencies.
Edward Snowden: Facebook is a surveillance company rebranded as 'social media'
Untold human suffering: 11,000 scientists from across world unite to declare global climate emergency. Despite 40 years of major global negotiations, we conduct business as usual and have failed to address this crisis, group says.
Taiwans president Tsai Ing-wen calls on international community to stand by Hong Kong
Pope Francis denounces climate change deniers
Ships owned by cruise giant - Carnival Corporation - emit 10 times more air pollution than all of Europes cars
Trump sells Qatar $12 Billion of U.S. Weapons days after accusing it of funding Terrorism
Blizzard Doesn't Respect the Human Rights of Its Customers, Major Rights Organization Says
Putin critic who warned he was on Russian hit-list was murdered, police confirm
Greece bans obese tourists from riding on donkeys
Porn Sites in Hong Kong Shut Down to Encourage People to Protest
Top Climate Scientist Quits USDA, Accuses Trump Administration of Trying to Bury Research
'Shootings' reported in central Paris: Reports of shooting and casualties in central Paris
Pentagon officials and Iraqi intelligence confirm Ukrainian plane was shot down
Puerto Rico's governor says 'let's talk' after Elon Musk says Tesla can rebuild the island's power grid
Tesla quietly shipping hundreds of battery packs to be paired with solar panels to Puerto Rico ever since the storm cleared: Tesla employees are currently installing the batteries and repairing solar systems, as well as coordinating efforts with local organizations.
US House of Representatives votes to recognize Armenian genocide
Russia 'fires on and seizes Ukraine ships'
The EU Suppressed a 300-Page Study That Found Piracy Doesnt Harm Sales
North and South Korea reportedly set to announce official end to war
Catalans declare independence from Spain
Fidel Castro is dead at 90.
900 suspected pedophiles arrested as darknet child porn kingpin jailed for 30yrs
Massive "I Love America" Facebook page, pushing pro-Trump propaganda, is run by Ukrainians
The Eighth Amendment which effectively banned abortion in the Republic of Ireland has been formally repealed
China harvesting organs of Uighur Muslims, The China Tribunal tells UN. They were "cut open while still alive for their kidneys, livers, hearts, lungs, cornea and skin to be removed and turned into commodities for sale," the report said.
India has planted nearly 66 million trees in 12 hours
Protestors Rally Outside Blizzcon 2019 with 'Winnie the Pooh' Costumes
North Korea frees US detainees
Disaster is unfolding in Syria as videos emerge of US allies being slaughtered and hundreds of ISIS prisoners escape during airstrikes
Prince Charles spent 75 minutes longer than scheduled trying to convince Donald Trump of the dangers of climate change but the president still insisted the US was clean and blamed other nations for the crisis.
Hong Kong Protesters Burn LeBron James Jerseys After China Comments
Syria is signing the Paris climate agreement, leaving the US alone against the rest of the world
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy has proposed that Europe should impose a carbon tax on American imports if Donald Trump pulls the United States out of the Paris climate pact.
France to make vaccination mandatory from 2018 as it is 'unacceptable children are still dying of measles'
China suddenly takes BBC news off air after Muslim detention camps mentioned
Blizzard bans 3 more 'Hearthstone' players for holding up pro-Hong Kong protest signs during a livestream
Venezuela President Maduro breaks relations with US, gives American diplomats 72 hours to leave country
Manchester bomber was banned from his local mosque and reported to the authorities at least 5 times
Nearly 500 million animals killed in Australian bushfires
US Diplomat's wife flees the UK and hides behind diplomatic immunity after killing 19 year old in a head on collision.
Canada: House passes bill to federally legalize recreational marijuana
Saudi Arabia: King Salman orders driving licenses for women
Jared Kushner 'greenlit' arrest of Jamal Khashoggi in phone call with Saudi Prince
Elephant poachers shot dead by rangers at wildlife reserve in Kenya.
'Anti-vax' movement blamed for 30 per cent jump in measles cases worldwide
$300M Puerto Rico recovery contract awarded to tiny utility company linked to major Trump donor
Kim Jong-un crosses into South Korea
Amazon warehouse workers around the world are striking for Prime Day - Thousands of workers at Amazon fulfillment centers and warehouses around the globe are going on strike today to bring attention to the working conditions they endure
Anti-vax Movement Listed by World Health Organization as One of the Top 10 Health Threats for 2019
Trump says he feels 'unwelcome' in London due to protests
Leaked emails for Mark Zuckerberg show Facebook 'struck secret deals over user data'
"He is a terrorist. He is a criminal. He is an extremist. But he will, when I speak, be nameless." - Jacinda Arderns extraordinary speech to parliament
Woman who accused Indian politician of rape hit by truck after father dies in police station
Mars Rover Opportunity Is Dead After Record-Breaking 15 Years on Red Planet
Elon Musk leads 116 experts calling for outright ban on killer robots - Open letter signed by Tesla chief and Googles Mustafa Suleyman urges UN to block use of lethal autonomous weapons to prevent third age of war
Rhino Poacher Trampled By An Elephant And Then Eaten By Lions
Assassins killed Panama Papers journalist with text message bomb
WHO Recommends Rescheduling Cannabis in International Law for First Time in History
Major prison strike spreads across US and Canada as inmates refuse food
Koalas Functionally Extinct After Australia Bushfires Destroy 80% Of Their Habitat
Greta Thunberg warns world leaders that 'we will not let you get away with this' | Addressing the UN climate summit in NYC, she said: "This is all wrong. I shouldn't be up here. I should be back in school on the other side of the ocean. Yet you all come to us young people for hope. How dare you?"
Donald Trump tells Theresa May he won't visit the UK unless she bans protests
North Korea accepts offer from South to meet for peace talks
China furious, Hong Kong celebrates after US move on bills (also, they're calling it a 'Thanksgiving Day' rally)
Canada considering proposal to void patents of major US pharmaceutical companies in midst of trade disputes. The plan would target valuable U.S. patents, granting Canadas generic pharmaceutical firms the right to copy, sell and potentially export American drugs.
Schwarzenegger planning to sue oil companies for 'knowingly killing people all over the world
Iran says it 'unintentionally' shot down Ukrainian jetliner
Rushed Amazon warehouse staff reportedly pee into bottles as they're afraid of 'time-wasting' because the toilets are far away and they fear getting into trouble for taking long breaks
Australian parents who refuse to vaccinate their children will now be given monthly fines
BBC caught up in another editing scandal, accused of editing audience reactions to show them clapping rather than laughing at Prime Minister Boris Johnson
'We're trying to go all in': Chocolate giant Mars pledges $1 billion to fight climate change
African leaders to launch landmark 55-nation trade zone: It took African countries four years to agree to a free-trade deal in March. The trade zone would unite 1.3 billion people, create a $3.4 trillion economic bloc and usher in a new era of development across the continent
US appeals court upholds suspension of Trump travel ban
Girl, 8, pulls a 1,500-year-old sword from a lake in Sweden
Trump's son tweets name of alleged Ukraine whistleblower - Trump's son published on Wednesday the name of the alleged anonymous whistleblower whose complaint fired the impeachment inquiry against Trump, breaking strict conventions for protecting officials who reveal wrongdoing in government
David Cameron to Trump: Your fake news act is dangerous -- Fake news is not broadcasters criticizing you, its Russian bots and trolls targeting your democracy, says former British leader.
Judge who jailed fracking protesters with 'excessive' sentence has family links to oil and gas firm
Historian who confronted Davos billionaires leaks Tucker Carlson rant
Congress sends letter condemning Blizzard for Blitzchung Hong Kong scandal and urges that ban is reversed.
President Trump on Wednesday ended an Obama-era requirement that the U.S. government publish an annual report on the number of people killed in drone strikes or other counterterrorism operations outside of war zones
Less Than 24 Hours After Saying 'Time to Bring 'Em Home,' Trump Orders 1,800 US Troops to Saudi Arabia: "Remember when Donald Trump tweeted that he was 'trying to end the endless wars?' That was yesterday."
Filipino President tells Catholic Church to allow its priests to have boyfriends as most of them are gay anyway
Vladimir Putin tries to rewrite history in speech pretending that the Soviets didn't help the Nazis start WWII. Polish PM furious.
Leaked Draft of Trump Executive Order to 'Censor the Internet' Denounced as Dangerous, Unconstitutional Edict: "In practice, this executive order would mean that whichever political party is in power could dictate what speech is allowed on the Internet."
Cardinal George Pell, once the third most powerful man in the Vatican and Australias most senior Catholic, has been found guilty of child sexual abuse after a trial in Melbourne.
Kiwi tourists urged not to ride elephants in Thailand: "A female elephant will be shot and then its baby is captured," Intrepid Travel co-founder Geoff Manchester says. "That baby is then tortured until it's willing to submit to humans and it's then trained to do elephant riding."
Hong Kong protesters plan to withdraw as much money as possible from their banks or change their currency into US dollars, both to protect their own assets and to show the mainland that the semiautonomous island is more than just a cash cow.
China has reached its 2020 solar power target three years ahead of schedule, eclipsing Europe
Britain's 'worst ever' child grooming scandal exposed: Hundreds of young girls raped, beaten, sold for sex and some even killed: Authorities failed to act over 40 years - despite repeated warnings to social workers - with up to 1,000 girls, some as young as 11, abused in Telford.
Saudi journalist and writer Turki Bin Abdul Aziz Al-Jasser has died after being tortured while in detention in Saudi-Arabia
Uk Prime Minister Theresa May announces her resignation
On the Hottest Day in the History of France, Police Tear-Gas Peaceful Climate Change Protesters in Paris
Russia bans 'disrespect' of government
Reports that all 12 boys and their coach have been rescued from the Tham Luang Cave
House votes 251-170 adopting bipartisan provision that would require President Trump to get approval from congress before striking Iran
We regret to inform you that one of our beloved moderators has passed away
Canada is set to legalize recreational marijuana this week
Three journalists were killed in Africa while investigating a private military business owned by the man behind Russias troll army
France passes law to ban all oil and gas production by 2040
NASA announces discovery of flowing water in Mars
16-year-old climate activist Greta Thunberg says meeting with Trump would be a "waste": "Why should I waste time talking to him when he, of course, is not going to listen to me?"
Hong Kong leader Carrie Lam to announce formal withdrawal of the extradition bill, meeting at least one key demand of protesters
Irwin Family Has Helped More Than 90,000 Animals During Bushfire Emergency
Prince Andrew groped young woman at flat belonging to billionaire paedophile, court documents allege | The Independent
At least two suspected poachers have been mauled to death and eaten by lions on a South African game reserve
Scientists call for ban on glitter, say its a global hazard
Twitter ran paid ads from China's state news media criticising the Hong Kong protests
Multiple Whistleblowers Raise Grave Concerns with White House Efforts to Transfer Sensitive U.S. Nuclear Technology to Saudi Arabia
Exxon predicted in 1982 exactly how high global carbon emissions would be today | The company expected that, by 2020, carbon dioxide in the atmosphere would reach roughly 400-420 ppm. This months measurement of 415 ppm is right within the expected curve Exxon projected
Report: Russia troll farm put content on r/The_Donald
Canada's House of Commons votes to legalize marijuana
Japanese government warns North Korea missile headed toward northern Japan, report says
US Can Do What It Wants But India's Stand On Net Neutrality is clear, Right to non-discriminatory internet access is non-negotiable : Telecom minister of India
Its now illegal in Russia to share an image of Putin as a gay clown
Trump made a personal address to Kim Jong-un "North Korea is not the paradise your grandfather envisioned. It is a hell that no person deserves."
Neo-Nazi and National Front organiser quits movement, comes out as gay, opens up about Jewish heritage
State Department deletes a statement condemning Russia over MH17 downing right after Trump's Putin summit
Putin blundered while shouting at Ukraine's president, Hollande says: Russian President Vladimir Putin became so enraged during a shouting match with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko that he revealed he was lying about Russia's role in a military uprising in eastern Ukraine.
Climate report: Scientists politely urge 'act now, idiots'; It's the final call, say scientists, the most extensive warning yet on the risks of rising global temperatures.
Structure of Notre Dame saved " We can now say that the structure of Notre-Dame has been saved from total destruction".
Scientists slam Donald Trump's environment chief over climate denial: 'It's like disputing gravity'
Trump openly admitted on live TV to doing the thing he's accused of in the impeachment inquiry: Trump admitted to holding up military aid to pressure Ukraine to investigate a baseless conspiracy that it interfered in the 2016 election.
Gunman opens fire at mosque in Christchurch, New Zealand
The U.S. has officially quit the UN Human Rights Council.
Facebooks only Dutch factchecker has quit over the social networks refusal to allow them to highlight political lies as being false. What is the point of fighting fake news if you are not allowed to tackle politicians? Hoekman asked.
Mexican senate approves resolution calling for the government to suspend joint efforts on migration and security until Trump exhibits "civility and respect".
Costa Rica completes 2016 without having to burn a single fossil fuel for more than 250 days. 98.2% of Costa Rica's electricity came from renewable sources in 2016.
'Dad stop the burning, I beg you': Horrifying footage reveals badly-burned Kurdish children in Syria amid claims Turkey is using banned weapons such as napalm and white phosphorus
Early results of Hong Kong election suggest landslide win for pro-democracy camp
Canada decides the F-word is not taboo for radio listeners' ears - Countrys broadcast watchdog rules that the word is now so commonplace that it is no longer as vulgar as it once was
U.S. slammed for coal pitch at climate talks: 'Like promoting tobacco at a cancer summit' | The Japan Times
P.M Morrison Said He's Thankful Nobody Died In Kangaroo Island Bushfire That Killed Two
Women burn burqas and men shave beards to celebrate liberation from Isis in Syria | The Independent
"I'm prepared to be shot," says one protester as Russias youth takes the lead in countrywide protests against Putin.
Anti-vaxxers are among the top 'threats to global health' in 2019, WHO declares.
Supreme Court of Canada says bankrupt energy companies must clean up old oil, gas wells before paying off creditors
Chinese media have mocked Donald Trump over plans to impose 25% tariffs on $50bn worth of Chinese goods, saying "wise men build bridges but fools build walls"
Coca-Cola sucks wells dry in Chiapas, forcing residents to buy water: A Coca-Cola bottling plant in Mexico consumes millions of liter of water per day while wells dry up
Trump rails against windmills: 'I never understood wind'; Trump claims the production of wind turbines causes a large carbon footprint.
'I am ready to stand for my principles': Double world chess champion says she won't defend titles in Saudi Arabia because of kingdom's inequality. The Ukrainian, 27, will not travel to Saudi Arabia, where she wouldn't even be allowed to walk down the street unaccompanied.
Justin Trudeau moves forward with ban on LGBT+ conversion therapy across Canada
'Mine is bigger': Trump dares Kim Jong-un to compare nuclear buttons
President Donald Trump signed an executive order formally withdrawing the United States from the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal
U.S. President Donald Trump boasted before the world and British Prime Minister Theresa May on Friday that hed predicted the Brexit decision at his Turnberry golf resort in Scotland the day before the historic vote. One problem: Trump arrived at Turnberry the day after the vote.
Mexico wants to decriminalize all drugs and negotiate with the U.S. to do the same
61% of Canadians want government to take action on climate change even if economy suffers: poll
US-UK launch military strikes on Syria
Attenborough effect leads to 53% drop in single use plastic in 12 months
Two teenage boys were rescued by a brand new lifesaving drone in Australia while lifeguards were still training to use it. After being spotted struggling in heavy surf 700m (2,300ft) offshore, lifesavers sent the drone to drop an inflatable rescue pod, and the pair made their way safely to shore.
Nestl, Mars and Hershey 'breaking promises over palm oil use' - This years Halloween confectionery will contain palm oil grown on land that should lawfully be habitat to orangutans, rhinos and clouded leopards, despite commitment to clean up supply chains
North Korea bans sarcasm because Kim Jong-un fears people only agree with him ironically
Republicans side with Deomcrats to block Trump's billions of dollars worth of arm sales to Saudi Arabia
Teen Climate Activist to Crowd of Thousands: 'We Can't Save the World by Playing by the Rules Because the Rules Have to Change': "The politics that's needed to prevent the climate catastropheit doesn't exist today," says Greta Thunberg, a 15-year-old from Sweden. "We need to change the system."
PM Trudeau says Canada has intelligence from multiple sources that the plane was shot down by an Iranian surface to air missile.
The number of people using Facebook daily in North America dropped for the first time
Vahid Sayadi Nasiri died in an Iranian prison after a 60-day hunger strike. He had been given an 8-year sentence for a Facebook post criticizing Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Bangladesh shuts down mobile internet to tackle teen protests
Germany to close all 84 of its coal-fired power plants, will rely primarily on renewable energy
Australian Teens Ignore Anti-Vaxxer Parents by Getting Secret Vaccinations
BBC has made its international news website available via Tor, which can help people in China and other countries avoid government surveillance and censorship. Instead of visiting bbc.co.uk or bbc.com, users of Tor browser can visit bbcnewsv2vjtpsuy.onion, which will not work in a regular browser.
A Turkish journalist has been sentenced to more than a year in jail for her work on the Paradise Papers investigation into offshore tax havens, because it revealed details of the business activities of the countrys former prime minister and his sons.
Trump misunderstood MIT climate research, university officials say: Massachusetts Institute of Technology officials said U.S. President Donald Trump badly misunderstood their research when he cited it on Thursday to justify withdrawing the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement.
The UK government has said households that install solar panels in the future will be expected to give away unused clean power for free to energy firms earning multimillion-pound profits, provoking outrage from green campaigners.
The Prime Minister of Iceland has resigned
Millennials pay still stunted by the 2008 financial crash
Saudis Threaten Global Economic Repercussions if Punished for 'Murdered' Journalist
Trump Complains About Not Winning the Nobel Peace Prize Days After Threatening to Commit War Crimes
Former White House ethics director on Trump giving his own hotel G7 contract: We have reached the bottom.There is no level of corruption greater than a President participating in the award of a contract to himself'
Japan firm considers 3-day weekends as nation rethinks culture of long work hours
'I was just doing my job': Soviet officer who averted nuclear war dies at age 77
Australia's same-sex marriage postal survey: 61.6% yes, 38.4% no
Australians petition to put Steve Irwin on their money.
Trump did meet with Putin at the G20, despite insisting meeting was off ahead of summit
In solidarity with Muslims, New Zealand Jewish community shut synagogues on Shabbat for first time in history
Turkish presidents bodyguards batter Washington DC protesters leaving them covered in blood while leader meets Trump at the White House
Hong Kong government to announce new law banning masks during public assemblies
Mitch McConnell, Who Voted to Lift Russian Oligarchs Sanctions, Reportedly Has Deep Ties to Russian Oil Money
In Secret Final Interview, Jamal Khashoggi Says Only Bernie Sanders Was Willing To Stand Up To Saudi Arabia
Cigarette ButtsNot Plastic StrawsAre The Worst Contaminant of Oceans, According to New Study
Fire breaks out at historic Notre-Dame cathedral in Paris
Stephen Hawking urges humanity to pursue space colonisation to unite Earth and elevate humanity.
Japan pledges $2.9 billion to support countries pursuing universal health coverage
Boeing 737 crashes in Iran after take off
Putin-backed candidate loses to Communist challenger causing Russian authorities to cancel the election on the basis of 'misfiled paperwork'
Diplomats Say They Were Definitely Laughing At Trump At The UN
33 students at 2 Vancouver schools ordered to stay home until they can prove they've had measles vaccine
Right wing blogger Jenna Abrams, who has 70,000 followers, does not exist, was created by St. Petersburg troll farm
Iranian president asserts 'wherever America has gone, terrorism has expanded'
Donald Trump Suggests Whoever Passed On Ukraine Call Information Should Be Executed. "Because thats close to a spy."
Jacinda Ardern has announced that New Zealand will ban all military-style semi-automatic weapons and assault rifles, essentially commencing immediately
Donald Trump to strip all funding from State Dept team promoting women's rights around the world - Leaked plan comes as First Daughter Ivanka defends her father's record with women
Drug lord 'El Chapo' found guilty in US
Pope Francis, who has a strong belief in the science of climate change, called upon world leaders on Wednesday to "listen to the cry of the Earth and the cry of the poor, who suffer most because of the unbalanced ecology."
Roger Stone Arrested
Belarus warns Putin is destroying countries to re-create Soviet bloc under Russian flag
Dutch gov't looking into letting daycares refuse non-vaccinated kids
Bus drivers in Japan have taken to the streets in an unusual form of protest. While technically on strike, they are continuing to drive their routes while refusing to take fares from passengers.
Ridicule and disbelief as Boris Johnson insists he's never told a single lie in his whole political career - 'He was sacked twice for lying. So when he says he has never lied, hes literally lying,' says Liberal Democrat Jo Swinson
Amazon Tribe Wins Lawsuit Against Big Oil, Saving Millions Of Acres Of Rainforest
Trump urges Attorney General Sessions to stop Mueller probe 'right now'
San Juan mayor: 'I am begging, begging anyone who can hear us to save us from dying'
Facebook admits Zuckerberg wiped his old messageswhich you cant do
Trump dismisses need for climate change action: 'We have the cleanest water we've ever had, we have the cleanest air'
Marriott boat refuses to rescue anyone but guests, leaves with 200 free seats
The Trump administration withdrew the United States from an international effort to fight corruption on Thursday that targeted revenue from oil and natural gas extraction...global initiative that requires member nations to disclose their revenues from oil, gas, and mining assets.
North Korea will open air space, invite media to cover dismantlement of nuclear test site
Donald Trump Not Invited to French Climate Change Summit
"Its time to pay a living wage, to pay your taxes, and to give your workers the benefits  and peace of mind  that come with stable, full-time contracts." Canada's PM Trudeau blames corporate elites for rise in global public anger, points to record profits but overworked and underpaid workers.
'Mulan' faces boycott in Korea after Chinese actress Liu Yifei's 'support' for Hong Kong protester crackdown
Elon Musk wants to rate journalists. He'd call his site 'Pravda'. "Going to create a site where the public can rate the core truth of any article & track the credibility score over time of each journalist, editor & publication," Musk tweeted.
For the first time, Canada adds white supremacists and neo-Nazi groups to its terror organization list
South Park' creators issue a mocking 'apology' to China after the show was reportedly banned in the country
Macron says France will block EU trade deal with Brazil over Amazon forest fires
Twitter has forced 30 websites that archive politician's deleted tweets to shut down, removing an effective tool to keep politicians honest
MMR vaccine does not cause autism, another study confirms
Angela Merkel says Germany can no longer rely on Donald Trump's America: 'We Europeans must take our destiny into our own hands'
Ex-Governor of Puerto Rico tweets photo of surgeons operating by cellphone light after Trump dubs aide efforts a 10
Swedish brewery names beer 'F*** you I'm Millwall' in tribute to man who fought London Bridge attackers
Nearly 400kg of cocaine was found inside the Russian embassy in Buenos Aires
Penguins die in 'catastrophic' season. Only two penguin chicks survived in a colony of 36,000, after ice levels meant adults had to travel further for food.
F.B.I. Opened Inquiry Into Whether Trump Was Secretly Working on Behalf of Russia
Roger Stone convicted on all seven counts on charges filed in Mueller probe
Trump 'angry baby' blimp gets green light to fly over London during president's visit | The six-metre balloon depicting Mr Trump as a nappy-clad orange baby will take flight from Parliament Square Gardens on 13 July.
Massive Leak of Data Reveals Money-Hiding Secrets of Superrichand This Is 'Only the Beginning'
China makes arrests, shuts down rogue chemical factories that spewed banned ozone-depleting gas
U.S. spy agencies have determined that Russia and China are eavesdropping on President Trump's personal phone calls in order to gain information that they can use to influence American policy
Hong Kong protests: Video shows paramilitary forces assembling in Shenzhen
Non-profits $300 hepatitis C cure as effective as $84,000 alternative
Amazon drivers 'are asked to deliver up to 200 parcels a day for less than the minimum wage and they even have to urinate into bottles to keep pace'
U.S. does not join plastic waste agreement signed by 187 countries
President of South Korea Impeached.
China says "this is not how a U.S. president should behave" after Trump tweet
Britons Respond to Trump Attack on UK Healthcare - 'Nobody Here Would Trade for What America Has': "In Britain, the poor don't need to win the lottery to afford medical care."
Canada's immigration website keeps crashing for 'some reason'
Donald Trump was heard off camera saying "get me out of here" to an aide as he left the G20 summit in Buenos Aires, leaving the president of Argentina standing alone on stage
Australia and Netherlands formally accuse Russia of responsibility for downing MH17 passenger jet in 2014
'Huge Victory for Our Oceans': Trump Effort to Open Arctic to Oil and Gas Drilling Ruled Illegal
More than 1 million in Hong Kong New Year's Day march, organisers say as protest is cut short amid violence
Judge Orders Release of Records That Might Tie Saudi Royals to 9/11: Federal judges ruling raises hopes that we may better understand any possible ties between Saudi Arabias ruling family and the 9/11 hijackers - the vast majority of whom were Saudi citizens.
Trump Retweets Article Outing Name of Alleged Ukraine Whistleblower: legal experts have said outing a whistleblower is likely a federal crime.
Australia considers banning ISPs from listing internet speeds they cannot provide
Putin says Russia ready to fully restore ties with U.S
Trumps name appears in Panama Papers for the first time
Worshipper, 65, takes down heavily armed mosque gunman before he can kill anyone
The UK ambassador forced to resign after he called Trump 'inept' and 'incompetent' is being made a Lord
YouTube will start labeling videos that receive government funding
Canada passes law which grants immunity for drug possession to those who call 911 to report an overdose
Ben Shapiro storms out of BBC UK interview: Im popular and no ones ever heard of you Shapiro snapped at the BBC interviewer
Nobel Peace Prize winner and Yazidi activist Nadia Murad, who was repeatedly raped when held captive by ISIS for 3 months before escaping, calls for ISIS fighters to be tried like the Nazis at Nuremberg. "Those captured alive need to be brought to justice in an open court for the world to see."
Thugs who throw acid can now be given a life sentence, even if they miss their victim
China bans all coal imports from North Korea, severing major financial lifeline for regime
Trump Declares ISIS 100% Defeated. Thats 100% Not True, Ground Reports Say.
PepsiCo sues 4 Indian farmers for $150,000 each for infringing its rights by growing the potato variety used in its Lays chips
The US had to extract a top spy from Russia after Trump revealed classified information to the Russians in an Oval Office meeting
'Congress Didn't Ask for a Summary': Demands to #ReleaseTheFullReport Surge After Barr Letter: "I don't want a summary of the Mueller report. I want the whole damn report," said Sen. Bernie Sanders
UK School cancels play about Darwin and evolution after Christian parents complain - It has provoked anger among other families who call the decision 'shameful'
Australia plans to ban convicted pedophiles from traveling overseas to protect vulnerable children in Southeast Asia from exploitation.
Trudeau: It's 'insulting' that the US considers Canada a national security threat
Hundreds of thousands of leaked emails reveal massively widespread corruption in global oil industry
German court rules Facebook use of personal data illegal
Hong Kong protester shot with live round during early morning clashes
Boris Johnson loses majority as Tory MP Phillip Lee crosses floor to join Lib Dems
Mexico's president-elect will cancel planned $1.36 billion U.S. helicopter order
Endangered rhino numbers soar by 1,000% in Tanzania after crackdown on poaching gangs - And elephant populations have risen by nearly half in five years, thanks to a blitz on illegal ivory hunters, the presidents office said.
Legal Pot: Canada Will Sell Marijuana in Liquor Stores
U.S. not invited to Canadas upcoming trade meeting  only like minded nations allowed
Far-right extremism to be included in official terror warnings alongside Islamist threats for first time
Older generations receiving 150,000 more in welfare dividend than millenials, UK think tank claims - "Young people have been short-changed by a lack of decent pay growth, a lack of decent, affordable homes, and a state that expects them to pay more in order to receive less."
U.N. says it has credible reports China is holding 1 million Uighurs in secret camps
Trump Ordered Mueller Fired, but Backed Off When White House Counsel Threatened to Quit
US, Saudis and Russia block climate report
Humanity has wiped out 60% of animals since 1970, major report finds
'Money talks': A $1.2 trillion fund manager is about to pull investment from companies that won't act on climate change
Trump officials are bending over backwards to say he didn't threaten to commit a war crime after he repeatedly threatened to commit a war crime
Erdogan Threatens To Recognize Genocide Of Native Americans
20 Tons Of Nutella Stolen From Truck In Germany - Police are looking out for over $80,000 of sweet contraband. Anyone offered large quantities of chocolate via unconventional channels should report it to the police immediately.
'South Park' Scrubbed From Chinese Internet After Critical Episode
Climate Change Conference Erupts Into Laughter As US Rep Promotes Coal
Trumps Immigration Ban Halted By Federal Court
British Supermarket giant Tesco halts roll-out of charity Christmas cards after girl, 6, finds note from Chinese inmates The note urged whoever purchased the cards to contact a British man who had been imprisoned in China in the same jail.
Manchester Arena 'explosions': Two loud bangs heard at MEN Arena
Anti-vaxxer movement fuelling global resurgence of measles, say WHO
Iranian forces open fire on protesters as protests continue for third day
The world is slowly turning against Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman even as Trump digs his heels in
Puerto Rican Government Quietly Admits 1,427 Died in Hurricane
Hong Kong protester stabbed in the neck and abdomen while handing out flyers
David Attenborough has highlighted Australia as an extraordinary example of a country where people in power remained climate change deniers despite the country facing some of the worst effects of global heating.
Catalonia has 'won right to statehood'
China requires Everest climbers to carry their waste out with them
Six crows trained to pick up cigarette ends and rubbish will be put to work next week at a French historical theme park, according to its president - Birds will be rewarded with food every time they bring a cigarette butt or other rubbish, says manager
Hong Kong protesters hit pause to mark 9/11 attacks.
State Dept Is Working To ID Erdogan Bodyguards Who Beat Up Protesters In DC
Iceland does what the US wont: 26 top bankers sent to prison for role in financial crisis
U.S. Senate unanimously passes Hong Kong rights bill
Costa Rica went 300 days using only renewable energy, beating their own 2015 record of of 299 days on renewable energy
Student in Peru makes history by writing thesis in the Incas language - A doctoral student in Peru has made history by becoming the first person to write and defend a thesis in Quechua  the language of the Incas, which is still spoken by millions of people in the Andes.
China tells Donald Trump there is an 'international responsibility' to act over climate change
Massive investigation reveals Ivanka's business ties to a Russian fraudster in a deal for a Panama Hotel that made Trump rich
Mexico's president called off a White House visit after Trump refused to say publicly that Mexico won't pay for the border wall
US House approves Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act, with Senate vote next
Trump defends abandoning Kurds by saying they didn't help US in WWII
Hong Kong protesters rally against China's Uighur crackdown. Many Hong Kongers are watching the scale of China's crackdown in Xinjiang with fear. A protest in support of the Uighurs was violently put down by riot police.
Father at centre of measles outbreak didn't vaccinate children due to autism fears | CBC News
Volodymyr Zelenskiy, the comedian who last week won Ukraines presidential election, has dismissed an offer by Vladimir Putin to provide passports to Ukrainians and pledged instead to grant citizenship to Russians who suffer under the Kremlins rule.
Khashoggi was to disclose Saudi use of chemical weapons in Yemen: source
Cannabis May Pose a 'Long-Term Risk' to the Alcohol Industry
Trump White House associate George Nader was convicted of child porn charges in Virgina: "And in 2003 he was convicted on 10 counts of sexually abusing underage boys in the Czech Republic, the AP reported"
DNA Test Shows Subways Oven-Roasted Chicken Is Only 50 Percent Chicken
Boris Johnson's Conservative party has received cash from nine Russian donors named in a suppressed intelligence report
Civil rights pioneer Viola Desmond, a black woman who refused to leave the whites-only section of a Canadian movie theatre in 1946  nearly a decade before Rosa Parkss act of defiance  has been honoured on the countrys newest $10 bill.
Video sparks fears Hong Kong protesters being loaded on train to China
Carnival slapped with a $20 million fine after it was caught dumping trash into the ocean, again
France becomes first country in Europe to ban all five pesticides killing bees - France will take a radical step towards protecting its dwindling bee population on Saturday by becoming the first country in Europe to ban all five pesticides researchers believe are killing off the insects.
Mueller draft report says Trump "helped Putin destabilize the United States," Watergate journalist says
Trump is worst perpetrator of false information in America, U.N. official monitoring freedom of expression says
Impeachment to go ahead
UN votes resoundingly to reject Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as capital
China Invents Rice That Can Grow in Salt Water, Can Feed Over 200 Million People
Hong Kong protesters call for 'Mulan' boycott after star went public in support of police
Canada wants clearer warnings on junk food. The US is using NAFTA to stop them: Canada is poised to be the first high-income country to put warning labels on foods high in salt, sugar, and fat.
Leader of Hong Kong democracy group attacked with hammers
China says Kim Jong Un has agreed to denuclearize Korean Peninsula
Trump leaked to the Russians that Israel successfully hacked ISIS computers
The far-right Australian politician who blamed the New Zealand mass shooting on immigration was voted out of office
The Pope gave Donald Trump a 192-page letter he wrote on climate change
The largest dark web child pornography site in the world has been taken down after IRS followed Bitcoin transactions
The Amazon is burning at alarming rate, and smoke covered So Paulo
Trump sacks Rex Tillerson as state secretary
Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network - Cutting off their revenue streams
Canada Just Ruled to Uphold Net Neutrality
'Just Because He Does It in the Open Does Not Make Abuse of Power OK': Outrage After Trump Asks China to Investigate Bidens: "Let's be very clear whats happening here: Trump is openly asking foreign governments to interfere in the 2020 presidential election against his political rivals."
Fatal explosions in Sri Lanka at Catholic churches, reportedly 20+ dead, 50+ taken to hospital
Kushner Under Fire for Receiving $30M From Israeli Firm While Shaping Middle East Policy
Coca-Cola Named The Worlds Most Polluting Brand  Again.
Donald Trump skips G7 talks on climate crisis and Amazon fires
A senior judge has resigned from one of the UNs international courts in The Hague citing shocking political interference from the White House and Turkey - The German judge, claimed the US had threatened judges after moves were made to examine the conduct of US soldiers in Afghanistan
Carlsberg glues beer cans together becoming one of the first breweries to abandon plastic rings
'Total Massacre' as U.S. Drone Strike Kills 30 Farmers in Afghanistan | Amnesty International said the bombing "suggests a shocking disregard for civilian life."
One hundred years after the guns of World War One fell silent, the leaders of France and Germany held hands and rested their heads against one another in a poignant ceremony to mark the signing of the Armistice peace agreement.
Fox New's fake expert on violent immigrants in Sweden turns out to be a violent Swedish immigrant in the US, Swedish media reports.
Prominent Bangladeshi photographer and human rights activist abducted hours after giving interview on Al Jazeera about 2018 Bangladesh Student Protest.
Trump Announces to Seek Peace with Iran
Explosive New Emails Add To Pile Of Evidence That Trump Personally Ordered Ukraine Aid Freeze
Canada bans artificial trans fats in all foods starting Monday
Feeding cows seaweed could slash global greenhouse gas emissions, researchers say: "They discovered adding a small amount of dried seaweed to a cow's diet can reduce the amount of methane a cow produces by up to 99 per cent."
All of Puerto Rico is without power
Climate change: Greta Thunberg calls out the 'haters'. "Going after me, my looks, my clothes, my behaviour and my differences". Anything, she says, rather than talk about the climate crisis.
Saudi Arabia admits journalist Jamal Khashoggi was killed after a fight broke out in consulate
Colombia's top sniffer dog has been moved to ensure her safety, after a drug gang put a price on her head. Sombra (Shadow) found almost 10 tonnes of the gang's cocaine and helped bring about the arrest of 245 suspects
A former US Ambassador to Saudi Arabia just warned Trump against accepting Saudi denials regarding the disappearance of Jamal Khashoggi. "Let's remember, this is the same King Salman who told me after 9/11 that the 9/11 attacks were an Israeli plot."
7 officials confirmed Trump tried to get Ukraine to investigate the Bidens as part of a quid pro quo
Donald Trump claims he has 'absolute right to pardon myself'
Its like nothing we have come across before: UK intelligence officials shaken by Trump administrations requests for help with counter-impeachment inquiry
Puerto Rico Rejects Loan Offers, Accusing Hedge Funds of Trying to Profit Off Hurricanes
Female Kurdish politician executed by pro-Turkish militants as civilian death toll rises to 38 in Syria offensive
Men who father children by rape should be blocked from automatic parental rights, UK MP says
The EU signed a historic deal to integrate 23 armies to shake off its US dependence
Large firms will have to publish and justify their chief executives' salaries and reveal the gap to their average workers under proposed new laws. UK listed companies with over 250 staff will have to annually disclose and explain the so-called "pay ratios" in their organisation.
Japanese animation studio Kyoto Animation hit with explosion, many injured
Trump thought Turkey was bluffing and would never actually invade Syria, report says
The EU and national funders launch a plan to make all publicly funded research available for free instead of scientific publications hiding it behind their pay walls.
At least two boys have been successfully rescued from the flooded Luang cave Sunday afternoon.
Wikipedia is currently under a DDoS attack and down in several countries.
State Dept reverses visa ban, allows travelers with visas into U.S. - official
Hong Kong Asked 8 Global PR Firms To Help Rebrand Its Image After Months Of Protests. Everyone Said No.
Pope admits clerical abuse of nuns including sexual slavery
Kremlin, on Trump Syria tweet, says 'We don't do Twitter diplomacy'
The United States' main allies are abandoning Trump over his 'dangerous escalation' with Iran
Police investigating the Manchester Arena bomb attack have stopped sharing information with the US after leaks to the media, the BBC understands.
'Sex with minor wife is to be considered rape', says Supreme Court of India
Princes Charles and William refused to meet Trump: report
One million hours of UK police time a year 'wasted enforcing cannabis prohibition' - Liberal Democrats want to legalise it, on grounds the ban is an enormous waste of time and money
BBC News: Suspending Parliament was unlawful, court rules
Hong Kong enters recession as protests show no sign of relenting
Trump isnt welcome in UK after sharing far-right videos, London mayor says
Cat owners have been advised they could risk breaking the law if they force their pets into veganism. In the worst cases where cats are so malnourished, guidelines say owners could face a hefty fine or even a jail sentence if convicted under the UK Animal Welfare Act.
Alzheimers Disease Damage Completely Erased in Human Cells by Changing Structure of One Protein
Equifax had 'admin' as login and password in Argentina
With only days until Donald Trump takes office, the Obama announced new rules that will let the NSA share vast amounts of private data gathered without warrant, court orders or congressional authorization with 16 other agencies, including the FBI, DEA and DHS.
Japan Calls For Denuclearized World On 72nd Anniversary Of Hiroshima
Australia plans random drug tests for people receiving welfare
Iran will ban Americans from entering the country in response to Trumps insulting order restricting arrivals from Iran and six other Muslim states
Brazil to open up 860,000 acres of protected Amazon rainforest to logging, mining and farming
Mexican president says he will not go to U.S. for meeting with Trump
Trump declines to denounce Putin over election meddling at summit, blames 'both countries'
Apple bows to China by censoring Taiwan flag emoji
Vietnamese Blogger Gets 7 Years in Jail for Reporting on Toxic Spill - "Taiwan-owned steel factory flushed cyanide and other chemicals through its waste pipeline, killed marine life and sickened people along a 120-mile stretch of coastline. It is one of Vietnams largest environmental disasters."
South Africa now requires companies to disclose salary gap between highest and lowest paid employees
Jared Kushner backed a blockade of Qatar after its government refused to invest in his indebted property, report says
Canada to pardon 500,000 people who have minor cannabis convictions. Process will waive $631 fee and eliminate 5 to 10 year wait times.
Plummeting insect numbers threaten collapse of nature
Boris Johnson must go on trial for 'lying and misleading' in Brexit campaign, judge orders
Trump admin. to reverse ban on elephant trophies from Africa
Efforts to retrieve the body of a US missionary killed by an endangered tribe should be abandoned, a rights group says. Survival International says the risk of spreading infection to the tribe is too great and increases with every contact
Putin: Russia warns U.S. against 'meddling' in presidential election
Son of Philippines' Duterte linked to $125 million drug shipment as his father's drug war kills thousands
Iranian TV host and proponent of Islamic dress code caught drinking beer, without hijab in Switzerland
This. Hurts. Babies: Canadian Doctors alarmed at weekend courses teaching chiropractors how to adjust newborn spines - The International Chiropractic Pediatric Association, which has falsely claimed that mercury in vaccines causes autism, is organizing the weekend courses.
Trump has concealed details of his face-to-face encounters with Putin from senior officials in administration
Queen guitarist Brian May proposes a new Live Aid-style concert to raise awareness for climate change
Belize, home of the largest barrier reef in the western hemisphere, has permanently suspended oil operations in its ocean waters: ...the first time that a developing country has taken such a major step to protect its oceans -and all the life within - from oil exploration and extraction.
The Guy Trump Cited as Proof There Wasnt a Quid Pro Quo Just Said There Was a Quid Pro Quo
Former Facebook exec says social media is ripping apart society
United States refuses to back Canada in Saudi Arabia dispute
Canada to pardon citizens convicted on simple marijuana possession charges
Donald Trump Jr. reportedly hiding in Canada from media as Mueller indictment looms
180 mayors adopt Paris climate accord after U.S. pulls out: 'The group of mayors, who represent more than 51 million Americans and some of the largest U.S. cities, outlined a plan to align with the other 194 nations that adopted the accord'
Google admits workers listen to private audio recordings from Google Home Smart Speakers.
Uruguay issues travel warning for the U.S. after mass shootings, citing "indiscriminate violence" and a rise in hate crimes
Google shifted $23 billion to tax haven Bermuda in 2017
Taiwan election  Tsai Ing-wen wins second presidential term, beating Beijing-friendly rival
Doctors in Italy reacted with outrage Monday after the countrys new populist government approved its first piece of anti-vax legislation
Trump lifts sanctions on firms linked to Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska
Japanese women are breaking their silence about sexual abuse and harassment and joining the #MeToo movement
China to Donald Trump: Your North Korea speech was really unhelpful
After Donald Trump Promised To Release Tape Showing The Sun Misquoted Him, White House Refuses To Release It
Pakistani senate to vote on law to make minimum age of marriage set to 18 years old
Women say Morocco's invasive 'virginity tests' are assault: Invasively checking vaginal tightness and whether hymens are intact is common in rural Morocco. But women are increasingly publicly opposing this practice. They say the examination constitutes rape
A sniper with Canadas elite special forces in Iraq has shattered the world record for the longest confirmed kill shot in military history at a staggering distance of 3,450 metres.
German police sue American woman for slander for calling them 'Nazis'
Sikhs aim to plant million trees as 'gift to the planet' - Global project will mark 550 years since birth of religions founder, Guru Nanak
Canada is expected to become the first G7 nation to fully legalize marijuana this week, fulfilling a 2015 campaing promise of PM Justin Trudeau
US House passes resolution calling for Trump-Russia report to be made public
House of Representatives Votes Unanimously That Trump Has No Authorization to Use Military Force Against Iran
Mexico Legalizes Medical Marijuana ; a decree issued by Mexican President Enrique Pea Nieto today confirmed that Mexico has legalized cannabis for medicinal use after overwhelming support from Mexicos Lower House of Congress.
North Korea calls for reunification with South Korea
US outnumbered 14 to 1 as it vetoes UN vote on status of Jerusalem
Iranian presidential adviser posts list of properties owned by Donald Trump in chilling hint of an attack on his real estate empire
Up to 20 countries have indicated support for the Netherlands plan to set up an international safe abortion fund to plug a $600m funding gap caused by Donald Trumps reinstatement of the global gag rule, the Dutch international development minister, Lilianne Ploumen, said on Wednesday.
Taiwan top court rules same-sex marriage legal, a first in Asia
Boris Johnson's Conservative party have received a surge in cash from Russian donors
Justin Trudeau vows to speak out on human rights, refuses to back down in Saudi Arabia dispute
Nearly 90 Elephants Found Dead Near Botswana Sanctuary, Killed By Poachers
Mass arrests resulted on Saturday as thousands of people and members of the 'Extinction Rebellion' movementfor "the first time in living memory"shut down the five main bridges of central London in the name of saving the planet, and those who live upon it.
Hezbollah leader says U.S. military, not citizens should be targeted in retaliatory attacks
Russian witness thrown from a window after his name was exposed by Trump Tower lobbyist: emails
Justin Trudeau vows to get answers over Iran plane crash which killed 63 Canadians
EU Will Ignore White House And Work Directly With US States On Paris Agreement
Tories break promise on minimum wage hike just a week into their administration
Trump inadvertently confirms Russia helped elect him in attack on Mueller probe
Trump Resort no longer hosting G7 next year
It costs less than $60 to have a baby in Finland. Its healthcare system has helped give it the lowest maternal death rate in the world - and it's available to everyone for next to nothing.
Italian council is flooded immediately after rejecting measures on climate change
Presidents Are Not Kings: Federal Judge Destroys Trump's Absolute Immunity Defense Against Impeachment: Trump admin's claim that WH aides don't have to comply with congressional subpoenas is a fiction that simply has no basis in the law, judge ruled.
Reddit could be the next target for federal investigators exploring Russian influence over the 2016 US presidential election
A group of prominent Germans has written a letter urging Britain to rethink Brexit - "After the horrors of the Second World War, Britain did not give up on us. It has welcomed Germany back as a sovereign nation and a European power. This we, as Germans, have not forgotten and we are grateful."
Chile to be the first American country to ban plastic bags in coastal cities
A host of internet giants - from social networks to dating apps to porn sites - will join to protest against plans to roll back rules protecting "net neutrality".
World of chess in uproar after women told they must play at next years world championships in Iran wearing hijabs
The media gives way too much air time to climate change deniers who don't know what they're talking about, study finds. This imbalance has created an unrealistic picture of climate change, hindering efforts to raise awareness of the problems the planet faces.
At least seven patients in Beijing who doctors said had no hope of regaining consciousness were re-evaluated by an artificial intelligence system that predicted they would awaken within a year. They did.
Cardinal admits to Vatican summit that Catholic Church destroyed abuse files
Donald Trump is glad the U.S. is not powered by wind "because it only blows sometimes"
If Israel Wants to Ban Members of Congress, It Should Not Receive Billions in US Military Aid - Bernie Sanders
I will NOT wear a hijab and support womens oppression: US chess champion boycotts world championship in Iran
N Korea accuses US of declaring war
Kim Jong Un Wants Trump To Win In 2020, Former White House Adviser Says: 'All The Bad Guys Want Trump To Win'
China breaks ground on first Forest City that fights air pollution | a community where all buildings are entirely covered in nearly a million plants of over 100 species, as well as 40,000 trees,
Canada Makes National Parks Permanently Free For Kids
Costa Rica has been running on 100% renewable energy for 2 months straight: 76 days and zero fossil fuels.
Ukraine has removed all 1,320 statues of Lenin
U.S. Ambassador Haley Tells U.N. Russia Responsible for Chemical Attack
Putin's 'tourist' accused of nerve agent attack turns out to be a highly decorated Russian intelligence officer
World's 26 richest people own as much as poorest 50%, says Oxfam
Taiwan becomes first country in Asia to ban eating of cat and dog meat
Surveillance footage shows Saudi operative in Khashoggi's clothes after he was killed, Turkish source says
Half of Iranians wants to drop headscarf laws -- believe that wearing a hijab should be a private choice.
'Utterly horrifying': ex-Facebook insider says covert data harvesting was routine.
Rio 2016: Swimmers need to ingest only three teaspoons of water to be almost certain of contracting a virus | Olympics | Sport
Donald Trump Says Son's Trump Tower Meeting With Russians Was To Get Clinton Dirt But 'Totally Legal'
Russia considers banning sale of cigarettes to anyone born after 2015
Phone call Trump said he had with North Korean regime was actually with South Korea's president
Theresa May to launch wide-ranging internet regulation and security changes despite not winning majority
Thousands take to Moscow streets chanting anti-Putin slogans
Death For Rape Of Children Below 12, Says Indian Government, Clears Executive Order
Trump's NASA Administrator Says There's No Denying The Ice Caps Are Melting
Facebook has suspended the account of the whistleblower who exposed Cambridge Analytica
Abortion becomes legal in Ireland for first time after Bill signed by President
Now Earning 278 Times More Than Average Worker, New Study Shows CEO Pay Has Grown More Than 1,000% Since 1978: "Corporate greed is eviscerating the working class" - consumer advocacy watchdog Public Citizen
China bans tourism to North Korea
Trump's Second Travel Ban Blocked by U.S. Judge
Workers in the video games industry have formed a union for the first time in the UK.
Trump confused Baltics with Balkans and accused shocked and confused leaders of starting Yugoslav wars
Wildlife poachers in Kenya 'to face death penalty.'
A Japanese minister in charge of cyber security has provoked astonishment by admitting he has never used a computer in his professional life, and appearing confused by the concept of a USB drive.
Hong Kong Police arrested protesters after accessing full details of injured protesters through Hospital Authority's "backdoor"
Federal government says it will not consider decriminalizing drugs beyond marijuana, despite calls from Canadas major cities to consider measure. Montreal and Toronto are echoing Vancouver and urging government to treat drug use as public health issue, rather than criminal one.
Sea Turtle Populations Soared by 980% After Legal Protections
The Vatican is using majority of donations for the poor to fight its budget deficit with as little as 10% going to charities for the poor, report says
Since Trump was sworn in as president he has met his Russian counterpart, Putin, five times. The details of their conversations remain unknown to the public, and in most cases even to senior administration officials.
ISIS Twitter accounts have been hijacked with gay porn
Time to 'get angry', teen climate activist Greta Thunberg says in Davos | "I think it is insane that people are gathered here to talk about the climate and they arrive here in private jet."
Medical marijuana has NO public health risks and should not be withheld from patients, WHO declares after months of deliberation
Russia Bans Scientology
Just two days after Trump called himself an "environmentalist," his administration announced a rollback of methane gas emissions regulations so large that even oil companies are objecting to the change.
Five HIV patients left 'virus-free' with no need for daily drugs in early vaccine trials
Tourists urged not to ride elephants in Thailand as disturbing photos reveal how elephants are tortured for entertainment.
European Parliament approves proposal to end 'Daylight Saving Time'
The anti-vax movement is effectively reversing decades of progress in disease prevention: WHO no longer consider measles to be eradicated in the UK. Albania, the Czech Republic, and Greece have also lost their measles-free status.
Former South African police officer found dead after revealing alleged details of a secret government paedophile ring.
Muslim students in China returned home to find loved ones had vanished into camps for thinking unhealthy thoughts, leaked documents reveal. Freedom is only possible when the virus in their thinking is eradicated.
Bill Nye says "the planet's on f***ing fire" and we need to "grow the f*** up"
Stop adding cancer-causing chemicals to our bacon, experts tell meat industry | The reputation of the meat industry will sink to that of big tobacco unless it removes cancer-causing chemicals from processed products such as bacon and ham, a coalition of experts and politicians warn
Thousands gather to block London bridges in climate rebellion - The move is part of a campaign of mass civil disobedience organised by a new group, Extinction Rebellion, which wants to force governments to treat the threats of climate breakdown and extinction as a crisis.
Hong Kong Protester Says She Was Sexually Assaulted by Police After Being Arrested - While Hong Kong police have said they will investigate, they have also warned the student that she and her parents could be arrested for making false accusations.
Smoking Marijuana Legalized in Georgia
300 men and boys are freed from 'house of torture' Islamic boarding school where they were chained up, raped by staff and starved 'in the name of teaching them the Koran' in Nigeria
Trump launches snide attack on Greta Thunberg after she beats him to Time Person of the Year
Russia Is Aiding North Korea With Oil Imports, Ignoring U.S. Efforts To Isolate Kim Jong Un: Report
Gravitational waves from black holes detected
Donald Trump lifts sanctions on Russia that were imposed by Obama in response to cyber-security concerns
'Homosexuality is not an illness': Germany plans to ban conversion therapy this year, health minister announces
Scotland just became the first country in the world to make sanitary products free for all students
Robert Mueller 'to testify about Trump-Russia investigation'
June was the hottest month ever recorded on Earth
Jeremy Corbyn accuses Theresa May of ignoring terror warnings when she cut 20,000 police officers and claims she is suppressing a report about Saudi funding of extremists
They Made It! Japan's Two Hopping Rovers Successfully Land on Asteroid Ryugu
Musk: Tesla can rebuild Puerto Rico power grid
Trump has reportedly halted new sanctions against Russia: Trump has halted the implementation of new Russian sanctions, just one day after United Nations Ambassador Nikki Haley said that new sanctions were coming.
World's witnessing a new Gilded Age as billionaires wealth swells to $6tn - The worlds super-rich hold the greatest concentration of wealth since the US Gilded Age at the turn of the 20th century, when families like the Carnegies, Rockefellers and Vanderbilts controlled vast fortunes.
Kelloggs is using rejected cereal to create a line of beers in efforts to reduce food waste.
UK:Man with epilepsy who couldnt cook for himself, wash or travel alone denied disability benefits after appearing well dressed
A trillion new trees could be the best solution to climate change, study says
Trump calls Trudeau 'two-faced', cancels press conference and leaves Nato summit early after video of world leaders making fun of him
U.S. Opposition to Breast-Feeding Resolution Stuns World Health Officials
Facebook Faces Potential $1.63 Billion Fine in Europe Over Data Breach
Donald Trump Claims Mike Pence Also Had Conversations With Ukraine President, Wants Pence Transcripts Released | Donald Trump Made a Surprise Claim in His United Nations Press Conference Wednesday, Apparently Implicating Vice President Mike Pence in the Ukraine Scandal.
Hundreds protest in Japan after father was cleared of raping his underage daughter when court ruled she could have resisted if she wanted to
An Iranian woman detained after defiantly taking off her headscarf and holding it on a stick in Tehran has been freed - lawyer.
Manafort has 3 passports, traveled to China with phone registered under fake name
White supremacist engulfed in flames after pouring petrol on synagogue
Sweden asks the U.S. to explain Trump comment on Sweden
Richard Branson halts $1B project with Saudi Arabia over Khashoggi disappearance
Canada is running out of marijuana two days after it became legal
China says shutdown shows U.S. democracy chaotic and chronically flawed
Trump Threatens to End All Trade With Allies
Repeated radio signals coming from galaxy 1.5 Billion light years away, scientists have announced
President Donald Trump said on Wednesday he does not believe Russia is still targeting the United States, contradicting U.S. intelligence assessments that Moscow was continuing to meddle in American elections.
2018 worst year on record for violence and abuse against journalists, with at least 80 killed in connection with work, further 348 imprisoned and 60 held hostage, according to Reporters Without Borders...figures suggest more than half of journalists killed in 2018 were deliberately targeted.
Trump asked Ukraine president to investigate Biden's son eight times in one phone call: report
Lawyer in Trump Tower meeting admits to being informant for Moscow
Survivors of the 9/11 attacks have written to Prime Minister Theresa May  urging her to make public a British government report into the extent of Saudi Arabias funding of Islamist extremism in the UK.
Legislation to punish Saudi Arabia for the killing of Washington Post columnist Jamal Khashoggi and for its role in the conflict in Yemen was introduced Thursday by a bipartisan group of senators who said the Trump administration failed to hold a key ally to account
Saudi woman, who was flying to Australia to escape an arranged marriage, forcibly removed from her flight and returned to Saudi Arabia because she didn't have permission from her male guardian to travel
Ousted Ukraine ambassador Yovanovitch says she was told to tweet praise of Trump to save her job
The National Rifle Association Has Deep Ties to Accused Russian Spy Maria Butina - Here is the years worth of evidence.
Russia has interfered in 19 countries elections over 2 decades, report finds
'You Couldn't Make This Up': A Bunch of Mops, Cleaners, and Trash Bags Delivered to Saudi Consulate Ahead of Khashoggi Murder Probe
The head of Interpol disappears whilst visiting China
Japan has decided to withdraw from the International Whaling Commission in 2019 to pave the way for the resumption of commercial whaling, a government source said Wednesday, a decision likely to draw international condemnation
The measles outbreak in Madagascar has grown to a total of 68,912 cases since October, including 926 deaths, the WHO reports
US President Trump tops terrorism as Germans' greatest fear, survey says
Trump admits foreign leaders pay him money by renting out rooms in his hotels
Trump reiterates call for Ukraine to investigate the Bidens, says China should investigate too
Maria Butina pleads guilty, is first Russian national convicted of seeking to influence U.S. policy around time of 2016 election
Trudeau says Canada will maintain human rights pressure on Saudis
After Epstein, Prince Andrew Left Out in The Christmas Cold - Prince Andrews humiliation is complete as he is banned from attending the traditional 11am Christmas day church service.
British intelligence reportedly told the CIA months before the election that Trump's campaign had illicit contacts with Russia
Navy SEALs Tried for Months to Report Superior for War Crimes and Were Told to Let It Go
Intelligence chiefs allege Russians have compromising personal information on Donald Trump: The claims allege the now-President-elect had been in contact with Russian intermediaries for five years
Iraqi soldier disarms 7-year-old boy after ISIS strap him with suicide belt
Canada will welcome you, Trudeau invites refugees as Trump bans them
19-year-old film student in Russia facing 5 years in prison for memes mocking religion
Trump sold a $40 million estate to a Russian oligarch for $100 millionand a senator wants to know why
Abortion and gay marriage have officially been legalised in Northern Ireland
Russia says Ukraine may no longer be a country soon
New Docs Show That White House Froze Ukraine Aid Two Hours After Zelensky Call
YouTube to stop recommending conspiracy videos that 'misinform' users
Flynn charged for 'making false statement'
Boaty McBoatface makes major climate change discovery on maiden outing
The whole system is rotten. We want to tear it down: Hong Kong protests blaze on
Poland's conservative president on Monday opposed a proposal by US President Donald Trump to reintegrate Russia into the elite G7 group, insisting that "business as usual" was unacceptable given Moscow's occupation of Ukrainian territory
Macron calls nationalism a 'betrayal of patriotism' during Armistice Day remarks
Thousands defy anti-mask law and march in Hong Kong
'I can't breathe': Audiotape details Khashoggi's final moments. Khashoggi appears to still be alive when screams, gasps and the sound of a saw are heard on the audiotape, the source told CNN
Wikipedia Is Now Banned in China in All Languages
Tensions rise in the Australian outback as Christian missionaries destroy sacred Aboriginal artefacts, claiming that Aboriginal culture is a form of devil worship.
Hong Kongers march on US consulate to call for human rights help, calling on Washington officials to back Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act
PM Justin Trudeau of Canada announces $650 million investment in women health and reproductive rights over next three years.
Putin critic Alexei Navalny thinks there's a 50/50 chance he'll be killed: Russia's main opposition figure thinks there's a 50% chance he will end up dead for speaking out against Putin, a fate that has befallen many of the Kremlin's enemies in recent years.
Costa Rica's newly elected President Carlos Alvarado has announced a nationwide ban on fossil fuels, part of his ambitious plans to create a decarbonized society. "We have the titanic and beautiful task of abolishing the use of fossil fuels."
Netherlands has proof Russia developed prohibited cruise missile, violating INF treaty
Thousands of ships fitted with cheat devices to divert poisonous pollution into sea - Global shipping companies have spent millions rigging vessels with cheat devices that circumvent new environmental legislation by dumping pollution into the sea instead of the air, The Independent can reveal.
Trump says he never said that Mexico would directly pay for the wall
MMR vaccine does not cause autism, another study confirms
'Everything Is Not Fine': Nobel Economist Calls on Humanity to End Obsession With GDP. "If we measure the wrong thing," warns Joseph Stiglitz, "we will do the wrong thing."
White House tells supporters it will exit Paris deal
Donald Trumps family firm is refusing to accept a legal bill worth tens of thousands of pounds after he lost a lengthy court battle against a windfarm near his Aberdeenshire golf course, according to the Scottish government.
Netanyahu Charged With Bribery, Fraud and Breach of Trust, Capping a Dramatic Political Year
Every Animal Pulled From the Deepest Part of the Ocean Had Plastic in Its Gut
In a world first, Scotland to roll out free sanitary products for low-income women
China scraps construction of 85 planned coal power plants: Move comes as Chinese government says it will invest 2.5 trillion yuan into the renewable energy sector
Trump said Tuesday that "I have no financial interests in Saudi Arabia"  but in fact he has boasted in the past that "I make a lot of money with them."
Indian brothel owners get first life sentence for trafficking children: Two Indian brothel owners have been jailed for life for the trafficking, rape and sexual abuse of children, an unprecedented sentence in a country where fewer than two in five trafficking cases ends in a conviction.
Attacks on the media are a threat to democracy, Trudeau says
Shipping executive: We have deliberately misled public on climate
'He Is Planning to Rig the Impeachment Trial': McConnell Vows 'Total Coordination' With Trump on Senate Process: The jurySenate Republicansare going to coordinate with the defendantDonald Trumpon how exactly the kangaroo court is going to be run."
United Nations rejects US recognition of Jerusalem as Israeli capital.
Protesters in Iran are demanding that Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei steps down, after the country's military admitted to accidentally downing a Ukrainian passenger jet, killing all 176 people on board
Putin says rule limiting him to two consecutive terms as president 'can be abolished'
Think twice about buying 'squashed-faced' breeds, vets urge dog-lovers - British Veterinary Association launches #breedtobreathe campaign to highlight serious health issues breeds such as pugs and French bulldogs are prone to
Mueller tells House panel Trump asked staff to falsify records
Germany mulls introducing 'mosque tax' for Muslims - The idea, similar to Germany's church tax, would aim to make mosques independent of foreign donors. Germany's government and progressive Muslim leaders have supported the idea.
Iran unfurls red flag to show they are ready for war after US airstrike -- It is the first time in history that the red flag has been hoisted on top of the Jamkaran mosque in the Iranian city and comes after warnings of harsh retaliation against the US
US Ambassador Testifies Trump Directly Tied Ukraine Funding to Biden Investigation
Thousands of Hong Kong civil servants defy government to join protests
More than 130 British imams refuse to bury London attackers
Trump attacks protections for immigrants from shithole countries in Oval Office meeting
MIT researchers warn killer heat waves soaring above temps humans can survive will be regular occurrences within our lifetimes in areas affecting over 500 million people. Areas of China, South Asia and the Persian Gulf will become uninhabitable by 2070 if climate change remains unchecked.
Italy successfully kicks out far-right leader Salvini as new government is sworn in
Ivanka Trump Sat In for Her Father at the G-20 Leaders' Table
Thai police say they wont deport Saudi woman seeking asylum
Russians charged over election tampering
'Van hits pedestrians' on London Bridge
Turkish drone Footage shows Saudis burning documents at consulate 1 day after Khashoggi's disappearance
Like a furnace: Australia to see hottest day ever - with 50C forecast - as devastating bushfires rage | Prime minister Scott Morrison accused of deafening silence over climate crisis as dangerous temperatures affect almost entire continent
France says 'crazy' that Apple and others get 'permanent tax haven status' - The global tech players do not contribute financially to the funding of the common good, it is not sustainable, said Macron
Special counsel Mueller charges 12 Russian intelligence officers with hacking Democrats during 2016 election
Puerto Rico votes in favor of statehood
Facebook has been criticised for allowing a 16-year-old child bride in South Sudan to be auctioned off to the highest bidder on its platform. Her father received 500 cows, two luxury cars, two bikes, a boat, some mobile phones and $13,800 in exchange for his daughter.
Korean leaders meet in surprise summit
The police officer who leaked the footage of the surfers paradise police brutality, where the victims blood was washed away by officers, has been criminally charged for bringing it to the publics view. Officers who did the bashing get nothing.
Jeremy Corbyn releases leaked government documents that show Boris Johnson 'lied about Brexit deal'
Trump signs largest arms deal in American history with Saudi Arabia despite warnings from human rights advocates that the deal risks making the US complicit in war crimes committed by the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen.
Trump says Singapore summit with North Korea leader Kim is cancelled
A public relations disaster for United Airlines is transforming into an international incident in one of its most important markets
Netherlands will once again need to close prisons due to falling crime rate and lack of prisoners.
Trump reveals 87-page response to Mueller findings already created, despite no report released yet, pointing to strongly incriminating finding of collusion on the Russian investigation
Puerto Rico introduces bill to become U.S. state by 2021.
Police faked 258,000 breath tests in shocking 'breach of trust'
A newly surfaced $100,000 tab charged to Irish police raises questions about Trumps visit to his Irish golf resort: a bill sent by the resort to law enforcement working overtime shows questionable charges including $975 for extra coffee and over $15,000 for snacks.
The Queen declares war on plastic after David Attenborough documentary: Buckingham Palace outlined new waste plans and said there was a strong desire to tackle the issue at the highest levels of the Royal household.
Qasem Soleimani among those killed in Baghdad Airport attack  report
Japanese woman 'dies from overwork' after logging 159 hours of overtime in a month
Argentine prosecutors are considering charging Saudi Arabias crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman with war crimes and torture if he flies to Buenos Aires for the G20 summit this week.
"After 16 appearances in the Olympics, the tiny nation of Fiji has its first medal. And it is gold."
'Cancel Brexit' petition hits 1m signatures
Germany's Cabinet approves ban on gay, transgender 'conversion therapy'
Hongkongers ignore protest restrictions & threats from Beijing as tens of thousands rally against govt
Donald Trump's Great Wall on Mexican border will damage environment in 'insane act of self-sabotage' - Making the cement needed for a 1,000-mile concrete wall would emit nearly two million tons of carbon dioxide and cut off endangered animals from part of their territory
Vietnamese activist jailed for 14 years for live-streaming protest against steel plants pollution: The US$10.6 billion steel complex discharged toxins such as cyanide and phenol during a test run in April 2016, killing massive amounts of fish and other sea life along more than 200km of coastline.
'This is an illegal hoax': Trump calls for end to Mueller investigation after Cohen pleads guilty
Saudi Arabia: Tiger Woods turns down largest ever overseas pay cheque to play in Saudi Arabia
Disney CEO Bob Iger Resigns from Trumps Advisory Council over Paris Accord Decision
Judge voids Paul Manafort plea deal, says he 'intentionally' lied to the FBI, special counsel and grand jury
Trump indicates he trusts Saudi crown princes Khashoggi denials over his own intelligence agency
Undercover footage that appears to show extremely sick cows being smuggled into a Polish slaughterhouse and sold on with little or no veterinary inspection has raised alarm about standards in one of the EUs largest meat exporters.
Toronto police to Canadians: stop snitching on your neighbors about marijuana
McCain: I'd throw the Turkish ambassador out over violence in DC
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe nominated US President Donald Trump for the Nobel Peace Prize last autumn after being requested to do so by Washington
Russian Whistleblower Assassinated After Uncovering $200 Billion Dirty Money Scandal - Andrei Kozlov was gunned down in 2006, weeks after trying to shutter the worlds biggest money-laundering scamone reportedly used by Putins family & the FSB.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe wants to repeal a Japanese law requiring broadcasters to show impartiality, a step critics fear will lead to sensational reporting and polarize views, just as a similar move has been blamed for doing in the United States
Trump bid to reinstate travel ban fails
Interstellar object confirmed to be from another solar system
Pope suggests 'better to be atheist than hypocritical Catholic'
Algerian police officer killed after hugging a suicide bomber to protect his colleagues from the blast
CNN exclusive: Grand jury subpoenas issued in FBI's Russia investigation
Pope Francis tells gay man: 'God made you like this'
The son of murdered journalist Jamal Khashoggi has left Saudi Arabia after the travel ban was lifted
EU will remain top investor against climate change, in defiance of Donald Trump's policies - 'We, Europeans, must lead the free world against climate sceptics'
Germany Is Hiring 600 Police and Intelligence Agents to Hunt Down Neo-Nazis
The United States will normalize diplomatic relations with Cuba, open embassy in Havana
Queen Elizabeth wore brooch from Obamas on the day Trump arrived in the UK
Trump's "Keep America Great" re-election banners are made in China and were mass produced to avoid trade war tariffs
St. Petersburg's Church of Scientology is charged with illegal revenue of $4.8m
Three Chinese men have launched a public campaign sending bright red trucks with slogans denouncing homosexual conversion therapy through major cities in China, in a rare public protest against homophobia.
Australias richest person, mining magnate Gina Rinehart, has been revealed as a key funder of the rightwing thinktank the Institute of Public Affairs  a consistent promoter of climate science scepticism.
France decrees new rooftops must be covered in plants or solar panels. All new buildings in commercial zones across the country must comply with new environmental legislation
Trump planning one-on-one meeting with Putin without aides present: report
More than 41,000 people will run the London Marathon on Sunday. When they reach mile 23, they'll be handed edible pods made of seaweed extracts instead of a plastic water bottle.
Mars One, which offered 1-way trips to Mars, declared bankrupt
Pope: Safe drinking water is a human right, not merchandise
Theresa May's Brexit deal suffers second defeat in UK Parliament
Cuba's new president has endorsed same-sex marriage
Trump says he rejected a meeting with Canada that Canada says it never requested
Russian Trolls Denied Syrian Gas AttackBefore It Happened
China threatens Sweden over support for jailed book publisher | Beijing is furious after Sweden's culture minister ignored warnings not to attend a ceremony honoring Chinese-born Gui Minhai, who is detained in the communist country. But Sweden says it won't be pushed around.
Canadian Conservative Leader Andrew Scheer to resign imminently | His resignation comes as a direct result of new revelations that he was using Conservative Party money to pay for his childrens private schooling
FCC Got 444,938 Net-Neutrality Comments From Russian Email Addresses
Nikki Haley: 'Ridiculous' for UN to analyze poverty in America. UN reports 40 million live in poverty in the USA and 40% of Americans don't have 400 USD in savings
David Attenborough: polluting planet may become as reviled as slavery
Wikileaks co-founder Julian Assange arrested after seven years in Ecuador's embassy in London, UK police say
NASA Just Announced They Cant Afford to Get Humans to Mars
Michael Flynn resigns: Trump's national security adviser quits over Russia links
UK government finally concedes cannabis has a medicinal effect
Milo Yiannopoulos banned from entering Australia following Christchurch shooting comments
From CNN: Mueller's office disputes BuzzFeed report that Trump directed Michael Cohen to lie to Congress
Labour joins 9/11 survivors in demanding Theresa May release suppressed Saudi Arabia terrorism report
Gamers Are Organizing a Mass Protest at Blizzard's BlizzCon
Trump ordered to pay legal fees after losing court battle over his Scottish golf course
U.S. House Intelligence Committee announces sweeping investigation into Trump's finances and Foreign Influence
The rich are getting free money and capitalism is broken, says US billionaire
Israel's Holocaust museum invites Spicer to visit its website for WWII info
Paris makes all public transport free in battle against 'worst air pollution for 10 years'
Video of Canadian Sikh politician Jagmeet Singh's calm response to racist rant by woman takes social media by storm
In historic first, sitting US and North Korean leaders meet face-to-face
Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un impersonators thrown out of the Winter Olympics Opening Ceremony
US House votes in new Russia sanctions and limits President Trumps ability to waive them
Second whistleblower comes forward 'with first-hand knowledge' of corruption allegations
Trump said on Monday he was worried that any statements under oath he provides Mueller could be used to bring perjury charges against him as part of the probe into Russias electoral interference.
France has officially acknowledged for the first time that French Polynesians were effectively forced into accepting almost 200 nuclear tests conducted over a 30-year period, and that it is responsible for compensating them for the illnesses caused by the fallout.
I will not repent: Australian MP refuses to back down on China after being told he would need to repent to visit the country
Trump Administration to Deny Visas to Same-Sex Partners of Diplomats, U.N. Officials
Nine-in-ten Canadians say no to future arms deals with Saudi Arabia; divided over cancelling current one - Two-thirds say Canada should continue public criticism of Saudi human rights abuses
Greta Thunberg tells cheering crowd 'we will make sure we put world leaders against the wall' if they do not tackle global warming | 'The adults are behaving as if there is no tomorrow but there is a tomorrow, it is the tomorrow where our young people will live & we have to fight for that tomorrow."
The Oil Giants Might Finally Pay for Pulling the Biggest Hoax of All: NY state sues ExxonMobil on charges that it knew the risks of climate change and defrauded investors by misrepresenting them.
Adolf Hitler definitely died in 1945 in Berlin, from taking cyanide and a bullet, according to French researchers who were given access to fragments of the dictator's teeth held in Moscow.
Trump admin to lift sanctions on firms owned by Russian oligarch Deripaska
Donald Trump's U.K. State Visit Faces 'Maximum Disruption,' Protesters Vow to Make Trip 'as Unpleasant as Possible'
Muslim activists hack Isis mailing list hours after terrorists claimed it was unhackable
More Than 80 Polish Towns Have Declared Themselves 'LGBTQ-Free Zones': The European Parliament just voted to condemn the practice and demand the Polish government revoke the symbolic declarations.
The U.S. Treasury Department missed a deadline to hand over documents to the House Financial Services Committee explaining its decision to ease sanctions on companies owned by Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska
Nestl is extracting water from Canadian towns on expired permits
Illegal loggers kill Amazon indigenous warrior who guarded forest, wound another
Renewable energy is becoming so cheap the US will meet Paris commitments even if Trump withdraws
A 13-year-old girl who died unexpectedly of a brain aneurysm has had her organs transplanted to eight people - the largest number in the history of the organ donation service
Nigerian bobsled team heading to 2018 Winter Olympics after raising $75,000 through GoFundMe.
Vancouver Aquarium will no longer keep whales and dolphins in captivity
YouTube shuts down 210 channels posting about Hong Kong
Kim Jong Un Wants to sign peace treaty with Trump, report says, including allowing an embassy in Pyongyang
Trump defends 'right' to share secrets - BBC News
Top Muslim Group Calls For U.S. Boycott Of 2022 Winter Olympics In Beijing | The Chinese governments ethnic genocide against the Muslim Uighur population is disqualifying, according to Emgage.
Japan, US look to cut off North Korea's oil supply
Brexit: Petition to remain in the EU hits two million signatures in just one day
The extreme heatwaves and wildfires wreaking havoc around the globe are the face of climate change, one of the worlds leading climate scientists has declared, with the impacts of global warming now playing out in real time.
Whistleblower's Lawyers Say Trump Has Endangered Their Client as President Publicly Threatens 'Big Consequences': Threats against a whistleblower are not only illegal, but also indicative of a cover-up."
The Latest: Trump says he misspoke on Russia meddling
Facebook now says up to 87 million users may have had their data leaked to Cambridge Analytica.
Samoan Prime Minister: Leaders Who Deny Climate Change Are Utterly Stupid: Tuilaepa Sailele suggested that such skeptics should be taken to a mental institution.
Australia to seek European and American allies to help with a mass diplomatic retaliation against Russia over MH17 atrocity
Nepal bans solo climbers from Mount Everest under new rules
Mueller Subpoenas Trump Organization, Demanding Documents About Russia
Notre Dame fire fund hits 300 million euros and rising as second billionaire Bernard Arnault offers to pay 200m
Albert Einstein's 'God letter' in which physicist rejected religion auctioned for $3m: The word God is for me nothing but the expression and product of human weaknesses, the Bible a collection of venerable but still rather primitive legends
There has been a wave of criticism after Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte said he sexually assaulted a maid, having recalled confessing to a priest how he reached into the maid's underwear as she slept. Women's rights group Gabriela said Duterte was "unworthy of his position and should resign".
Families of 44 dead submarine crew react with fury as Argentine Navy confirms an explosion was recorded last week when it vanished - One widow branded the Navy "perverse b******s" for allowing family members to continue to believe their loved ones could be found alive.
Israeli pilots refuse to deport Eritrean and Sudanese migrants to Africa - I wont fly refugees to their deaths: The El Al pilots resisting deportation
One of New Zealand's wealthiest businessmen, Sir Ron Brierley, arrested at Sydney airport & charged with possession of child pornography
Cuba ratifies a new constitution that creates term limits for president, a new prime minister post, recognizes private property, foreign investment, small businesses, gender identity, the internet, and the right to legal representation upon arrest and habeas corpus
Jamal Khashoggi's killers carried syringes, electro-shock devices and cutting tools as they left Istanbul -- as captured by airport X-ray machines
Kaziranga's (Indian National Park) ruthless rangers have reduced rhino poaching by simply gunning down poachers at sight
Oil giant Shell warns public faith in fossil fuel industry is 'disappearing' and calls for carbon taxes - "Shell is to increase its spending on renewable energy to $1bn a year"
Cardinal George Pell has been sentenced to six years in prison for the sexual abuse of two choir boys in the 1990s
If You Cannot Trust Saudis With Bone Saw, Says US Lawmaker, 'You Should Not Trust Them With Nuclear Weapons': Trump administration's secret authorizations of nuclear technology sales to Saudi Arabia spark alarm in Congress
'Shameful': Cannabis customers floored by the amount of plastic packing on their pot - Some cannabis customers are calling for less plastic and a recycling program
Trump tells reporters it's "none of your business" what he tells Putin
Russians, in peaceful protest, call for Putin to quit
'This is What a Dictatorship Looks Like': Bolivian Security Forces Open Fire on Indigenous Protesters in City of Cochabamba | "State violence in Bolivia."
Parks Canada says it's OK to smoke pot at campsites
China bans all online LGBT content
Anti-Vaccine movies disappear from Amazon after CNN Business report
Trump: Even if there was collusion with Russia, 'its not a crime'
EU hits back at Donald Trump with billions in tariffs on Bourbon whiskey, jeans and motorcycles
Nova Scotia filled its public Freedom of Information Archive with citizens' private data, then arrested the teen who discovered it
Ukraine to chemically castrate paedophiles and rapists in prison under new laws
Theresa Mays Brexit deal fails to pass a third time
Taiwan Leader Rejects China's Offer to Unify Under Hong Kong Model | Reuters
Facebook Donated to 46 of 55 Members on Committee that Will Question Zuckerberg
Tim Berners-Lee, the British engineer credited with inventing the World Wide Web in 1989, unveils plan to save the internet. His plan aims to halt abuse of the internet by governments, companies and individuals and addresses problems like misinformation, data surveillance and censorship.
Trump says US stands with Saudi Arabia despite journalist Khashoggi's killing
Vaccinations Drop in Europe, and the Result Was Over 21,000 Cases of Measles
North Korea: No need for more missile tests
Jamal Khashoggi was barred from writing and making public appearances by the Saudi royal family after he criticized President Donald Trump in late 2016
Mexico's new government wants to legalize marijuana, arguing that prohibition has only helped fuel violence: We dont want more deaths."
CIA Has Recording of Saudi Crown Prince Giving Instructions to Silence Khashoggi, Turkish Media Reports
Cambridge Analytica Just Shut Down All Its U.S. Offices
Marijuana chain makes $1.3 million from Alberta stores in first five days of legalization
Japan mourns after the worst mass killing in two decades claims 33 lives in arson attack
New Zealand shooting: Australian leader sides with teen who egged anti-Muslim senator
China is holding 800k Muslims in internment camps
Jared Kushner had undisclosed meeting with Sergey Gorkov, the head of Russias state-owned Vnesheconombank, which has been under sanctions since the annexation of Crimea in 2014
Trump: North Korea 'total denuclearization' started; officials see no new moves -- Donald Trump said on Thursday North Korea was blowing up four of its big test sites and that a process of total denuclearization ... has already started, but officials said there was no such evidence.
North Korea may have launched a missile, according to reports
Muslims are forced to eat pork and drink alcohol as punishment in China's Islamic 're-education' camps, former inmates reveal
Justin Trudeau to apologize Nov. 7 for 1939 decision to turn away Jewish refugees fleeing Nazis
Michael Cohen Has Email Showing Trump Obstructed Justice by Dangling Pardon
Nestle says slavery reporting requirements could cost customers
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi told German Chancellor Angela Merkel in talks in Berlin on Tuesday that India would stay in the Paris climate accord even if the United States pulled out
A high-level defector tells US Congress that spreading outside information in North Korea is the best way to undermine Kim Jong-un's grip on power. North Koreans "don't care about state propaganda but increasingly watch illegally imported South Korean movies and dramas."
Senate investigation concludes Russia interfered in election to help Donald Trump - breaking with conclusion of House probe
Britain First leader is slammed for posting 'video of Muslims in London rejoicing at the Paris attacks' which was actually a Pakistani cricket celebration from 2009
Russian billionaire 'loses half his fortune' after 'divorcing Vladimir Putin's daughter'.
Giuliani: "I never said there was no collusion between the campaign" and Russians
The North Korean mountain under which it's conducting nuclear tests is at risk of collapsing, sending radiation across the region, a Chinese scientist says
South Africa's President Zuma resigns
Vatican No. 3 Cardinal George Pell Convicted on Charges He Sexually Abused Choir Boys
Trump sends no condolences to Mexico after it's hit by an earthquake & a hurricane & attacked the country on Twitter after it offered to help U.S. after Hurricane Harvey.
Former Miss Baghdad Shot Dead as She Drove Through Iraqi Capital in Latest of Series of Attacks on Women
Kim Says Hell Give Up Weapons if U.S. Promises Not to Invade
Trump has met the standards for impeachment, legal scholars testify in historic hearing
President Trumps former top economic adviser, Gary Cohn, twice pulled paperwork off of Trumps desk that the president was intending to sign to withdraw the United States from trade agreements.
Trump: Kurdish Organization Worse than ISIS
Some U.S. embassies still hoisting rainbow flags, despite advisory from Washington
Trump took Putin's word over US intelligence on North Korea
The President of Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos, has used his Nobel Peace Prize acceptance speech to call for the world to "rethink" the war on drugs.
Elon Musk's Falcon rocket launches successfully
Top U.S. officials tell the world to ignore Trumps tweets
Saudi Arabia reportedly plans to admit Khashoggi was murdered and use a 2-star general as a scapegoat
Former Trump campaign official Rick Gates pleads guilty to lying and conspiracy against the United States
Trump reportedly treats Putin like a 'confidant' and the 2 men commiserate about how the 'fake news' and 'deep state' are against them
Burger King UK has removed all plastic toys from its children's meals from today after two sisters started a petition. The fast food chain says the move will save an estimated 320 tonnes of waste annually.
US intelligence agencies determine that North Korea is constructing new missiles: report
Israel is systematically removing from the archives evidence of 1948 expulsion of Arabs, including shocking testimony of massacres, rape and looting
Human rights defenders who challenge big corporations are being killed, assaulted, harassed and suppressed in growing numbers: Research shows 34% rise in attacks against campaigners defending land, environment and labour rights in the face of corporate activity.
Saudi Consul fired and placed under investigation after he is 'recorded saying 'Do this outside; you're going to get me in trouble' during torture of journalist'
Investors with $2.8 trillion in assets unite against Donald Trumps climate change denial | As US President ramps up support for fossil fuels, some of the world's biggest funds demand end to coal and oil subsidies
Trump refuses to call Russia an adversary during interview, because they "really helped" the U.S. in World War Two
Healthcare study ranks Australia second best in developed world, while US comes in last
The New York Times Just Revealed a Second Trump Tower Meeting
Kim Jong Un received a USB from South Korea's president with a blueprint for connecting North Korea with the world.
Abortion now legal across Australia
Police spies helped create employee blacklist for UK companies, force admits. Workers who complained of safety violations were reported by police spies and prevented from getting another job in the construction industry, an investigation has uncovered.
France Rejects Fear, Renews Commitment To Take In 30,000 Syrian Refugees
'Hell is coming': Western Europe braces for its hottest weather since a 2003 heat wave killed 15,000 people in France.
Independent Nation of Samoa Arrests Anti-Vaccination Activist As Measles Death Toll Rises
North Korea's nuclear test site will close in May, South Korea says
Some Amazon employees are reportedly accepting cash bribes from online sellers to delete negative product reviews
The queen agrees to suspend parliament
Donald Trump drops out of Saudi Arabia event due to 'exhaustion'
Elon Musk's massive backup battery took just 140 milliseconds to respond to crisis at power plant.
Worms frozen in permafrost for up to 42,000 years come back to life
Johnson & Johnson shares drop on Reuters report that the company knew for decades of asbestos in its baby powder
Greta Thunberg has hit back at adults who choose to spend their time mocking and threatening teenagers and children for promoting science, suggesting they must simply feel so threatened.
Chinese tells U.S. and Britain to stop interfering in Hong Kong affairs
A petition calling for the removal of Senator Fraser Anning from parliament over his response to the NZ mosque terrorist attacks, has received over 800K signatures, the most in Australian history.
China, Japan, Russia, & South Korea have just signed a Memorandum of Understanding that seeks to create an 'Asian Super Grid'. It will transmit electrical power from various renewable sources to areas all over the world.
Trump Cancels Obama's Cuba Agreements
Former Mexican president mocks Donald Trump over golf holiday: 'If you're not happy with job, just leave'. Trump has spent 58 days out of his first 195 at the properties he owns.
Women take to the streets of Iran without the veil as they show support for woman who was viciously beaten by 'morality police'
US will run out of avocados in three weeks if Trump closes Mexico border. President says there is a good likelihood he will close border this week if Mexico does not stop immigrants from reaching US.
Atheist parents are taking their children's primary school to the UK High Court, claiming that biblical re-enactments and praying in assembly are a breach of their human rights.
Anti-poaching drive brings Siberias tigers back from brink - "The world lost 97% of its tiger population in a little over a century, but last year, WWF reported that global numbers in the wild had risen from 3,200 in 2010 to about 3,900 in 2016"
Qatar Revealed Documents Show Saudi, UAE Back Al-Qaeda, ISIS
The German news weekly Der Spiegel is to publish a 23-page special report on how one of its award-winning reporters faked stories for years and dealt a blow to media credibility.
China announces new tariffs on 106 US products, including soy, cars, and chemicals
German lifeguards have issued a warning that a growing number of child drownings this summer are linked to their parents obsession with mobile phones.
Saudi Arabia has canceled the scholarships of 16,000 of its students studying in Canada, also ordering them to leave the country and find academic programs elsewhere
Adam Silver: Chinese Government Asked NBA to Fire and Discipline Daryl Morey
Duterte is Assassinating Opponents Under the Cover of the Drug War, Philippine Rights Groups Say
Martin Schkreli - Turing CEO who increased the price of Aids drug by 5000% - has been arrested
Millennials on track to die faster than Gen X, thanks to mental health
Mueller says Russians are using his discovery materials in disinformation effort
Scotland Is Now Generating So Much Wind Energy, It Could Power Two Scotlands
Trump Administration Waives Punishment For Convicted Banks, Including Deutsche  Which Trump Owes Millions
Mueller Announces Resignation From Justice Department, Saying Investigation Is Complete
Trump account retweets anti-Muslim videos
"So today, as first minister of Scotland, I am declaring that there is a climate emergency. And Scotland will live up to our responsibility to tackle it." | Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has declared a "climate emergency" in her speech to the SNP conference
Petition calling on UK to cancel Trump state visit reaches 100,000 signature in less than 5 hours.
Mexico to Trump: No funding for wall, but well help Texas: Trump's tweets aren't swaying the country, but Mexican officials said they are prepared to help those impacted by Harvey.
This Time Its Russias Emails Getting Leaked: The Russian oligarchs and Kremlin apparatchiks spared by WikiLeaks in the past will not be so lucky this week, when transparency activists drop a massive archive of leaked docs.
North Korea to join Olympics in South Korea
Egypt thought Italian student was British spy, tortured and murdered him: report | The Japan Times
Our water is our gold: Armenians blockade a private goldmine which they say threatens the country's biggest freshwater source, and with it, an entire ecosystem
Hong Kong suspends controversial extradition bill after months of protest and criticism
Air pollution causes a huge reduction in intelligence, according to new research, indicating that the damage to society of toxic air is far deeper than the well-known impacts on physical health. It found that high pollution levels led to significant drops in test scores in language and arithmetic
Russian National Charged in Conspiracy to Act as an Agent of the Russian Federation Within the United States
New measurement confirms: The ozone is coming back - "All of this is evidence that the Montreal Protocol is workingthe chlorine is decreasing in the Antarctic stratosphere, and the ozone destruction is decreasing along with it."
Fishing boat caught with illegal 18-mile-long nets: 'A risk to almost all marine life'. A fishing ship carrying 600 illegal nets stretching up to 18 miles has been seized after it escaped Chinese authorities, while using the flags of eight different countries to evade capture.
Women protesting against wearing the hijab in Iran will be charged with inciting "prostitution" and jailed for up to ten years as regime cracks down on growing dissent
Mueller says former Trump adviser is now cooperating with multiple investigations
Greece declares state of emergency, asks for international aid: Huge forest fires raging across Greece have killed at least four people and injured dozens more, forcing authorities to seek international assistance as they battle the flames.
Justin Trudeau: We won't be pushed around by Trump.
Saudi suspect in Khashoggi case dies in car accident: Report
'Animals are not entertainment': Sea World has been forced to cancel two of its performing dolphin shows in a dramatic day on the Gold Coast, where protesters invaded the pools as part of a co-ordinated sting, leading to several arrests.
Federal Judge Orders Release Of Khashoggi Records By U.S. Government
Boris Johnson ducks out of press conference amid noisy protests, leaving empty podium next to Luxembourg's PM
Trump Forest - a global reforestation project aiming to offset Trump's anti-climate policies - has reached 1 million trees after thousands of pledges from around the world.
Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak says most people should 'figure out a way to get off Facebook'
French court finds Monsanto guilty of poisoning farmer. Ruling says chemicals giant knew of weedkillers dangers but label lacked warning
U.S. President Donald Trump "is a sexual predator" and "a racist," and "it's right to say that," according to U.K. Shadow Foreign Secretary Emily Thornberry. "A state visit is an honor, and we dont think that this president deserves an honor"
The undercover author who discovered Amazon warehouse workers were peeing in bottles tells us the culture was like a prison
Measles: German minister proposes steep fines for anti-vaxxers - German Health Minister Jens Spahn is proposing a law that foresees fining parents of non-vaccinated children up to 2,500 ($2,800). The conservative lawmaker said he wants to "eradicate" measles.
Google is now censoring results in Russia, critics accuse Google of pushing state censorship
Right for all to access the internet is non-negotiable, says Indian Minister for Law & Information Technology at global cyberspace meet
Miners who bragged about killing uncontacted Amazon tribe members now under investigation
Mexico leftist vows no tolerance on corruption after historic win
Trump Supporters Tried To Arrest London's Mayor. People Laughed At Them
7.3 Magnitude Earthquake hits Fukushima, Japan. 3 Meter Tsunami warning at this time (22 November, 2016, 5:59am)
U.S. still hasn't received soldiers remains from North Korea, says Pompeo: Despite President Donald Trumps boast at a rally that he had secured the remains of U.S. troops killed during the Korean War, his secretary of state says North Korea is yet to send any.
ISIS leader who approved sex slaves killed by U.S. airstrike
China builds worlds biggest air purifier - a 328 feet-high tower that has helped reduce smog levels over an area of 3.86 square miles
Anti-Putin politician facing Kremlin raid uses drone to fly hard drives away before government officers can get them
Exposed: Undercover secrets of Trumps data firm - An investigation by Channel 4 News has revealed how Cambridge Analytica claims it ran all of President Trumps digital campaign  and may have broken election law. Executives were secretly filmed saying they leave no paper trail.
Marijuana companies caught using banned pesticides to face fines up to $1-million
Taiwan legalises same-sex marriage
Women outperform men after Japan medical school stops rigging exam scores
Military truck runs over protesters in Venezuela amid political unrest
'The answer is yes': Sondland affirms 'quid pro quo' in Ukraine dealings
North Korea accuses Trump of being 'selfish' over Paris climate pact
Charges dropped against most Turkish officers who beat protesters in US
Donald Trump Jr. expecting an indictment soon.
Truck crashes into Bastille Day crowd in Nice, France
Companies that fail to tackle climate change will be delisted from the London Stock Exchange, UK Labour announces - John McDonnell, the shadow chancellor, pledged his government would ensure firms are pulling their weight to tackle the existential threat to the planet.
YouTube Just Demonetized Anti-Vax Channels: After advertisers complained about programmatic ad placements on anti-vax videos, YouTube removed ads on videos that advocate against vaccination.
"Don't Be Evil, Unless It's Worth Untold New Riches": Whistleblower Reveals Google Plan to Launch Censored Search Engine in China. "If Google goes through with this, effectively normalizing & Americanizing authoritarian censorship, this will be Waterloo in global battle for free internet as norm."
Leaked Documents Show the U.S. Government Tracking Journalists and Immigration Advocates Through a Secret Database: The documents detail an intelligence-gathering effort by the U.S. and Mexican authorities, targeting more than 50 people including journalists, an attorney, and immigration advocates
Australias oldest scientist will fly to Switzerland in early May to end his life, reigniting national euthanasia debate. David Goodall, who is now 104, doesn't have terminal illness but quality of life has deteriorated and he has secured fast-track appointment with assisted dying agency in Basel.
Louvre Removes Name Of OxyContins Sackler Family From Museum Walls
Thousands of people have fled apocalyptic scenes, abandoning their homes and huddling on beaches to escape raging columns of flame and smoke that have plunged whole towns into darkness and destroyed more than 4m hectares of land.
A student found an ancient Canadian village thats 10,000 years older than the Pyramids
A science teacher from rural Kenya who donates most of his salary to help poorer students has been crowned the worlds best teacher and awarded a $1m prize, beating 10,000 nominations from 179 countries.
A Thai businessman caught poaching a rare black leopard plans to build a highway through a pristine forest in Myanmar that is home to endangered leopards and connects two tiger sanctuaries. Conservationists, residents, and an armed ethnic group have all expressed concerns about the project.
Students from across Europe have sent letters imploring top United Nations and European Union officials to "stop hiding science about global collapse" and finally come clean about the perils of out-of-control human consumption and planet-warming emissions.
Canada Student Loan Repayment Relief: As of November 1, no single Canadian will have to repay their Canada Student Loan until she or he is earning at least $25,000 per year
Lawsuit claims Fox News and the White House collaborated on fake news story to deflect Russian election meddling
Cervical cancer set to be eliminated from Australia in global first - Cervical cancer is set to become a rare disease in Australia within just two years and rendered so uncommon by 2028 it will be deemed eliminated as a public health problem for the first time anywhere in the world.
15,000 illegal adoptions in Ireland, mothers told babies had died
'Single Most Important Stat on the Planet': Alarm as Atmospheric CO2 Soars to 'Legit Scary' Record High: "We should no longer measure our wealth and success in the graph that shows economic growth, but in the curve that shows the emissions of greenhouse gases."
Facebook has helped introduce thousands of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (Isil) extremists to one another, via its 'suggested friends' feature...allowing them to develop fresh terror networks and even recruit new members to their cause.
Official: 95 dead, 158 wounded in Afghan attack
Facebook deliberately broke privacy and competition law and should urgently be subject to statutory regulation, according to a devastating parliamentary report denouncing the company and its executives as digital gangsters.
Last week at least 6 Turkish teachers who taught at a Moldovan Glen high school were abducted and forcefully transported to Turkey by the Moldovan state in cooperation with the Turkish government. The teachers were taken from their families and their whereabouts are currently unknown.
Antigua and Barbuda PM reports 90% of Barbuda's structures have been "Totally Demolished"
One of Britains biggest providers of agency care workers has been fining staff who phone in sick 50, raising concerns that frontline employees are being forced to turn up for shifts when they are not fit for work and risk spreading illnesses to vulnerable patients.
Trump would have been charged with obstruction were he not president, hundreds of former federal prosecutors assert
Emmanuel Macron to introduce new tax on expensive jewellery, supercars and luxury yachts
France starts work on revolutionary 'Alzheimer's village' where patients roam almost free: Work has begun on Frances first "Alzheimer's village where patients will be given free rein without medication in a purpose-built medieval-style citadel designed to increase their freedom and reduce anxiety.
Mueller to Congress: Trumps Wrong, I Didnt Exonerate Him
Police confirm two German mayors who had already been stabbed over their pro-refugee stance receive renewed death threats weeks after another German politician was murdered in what authorities believe was a "right-wing extremist" attack
World's 500 Richest People Gained $1.2 Trillion in Wealth in 2019: Analysis
